
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                               2843.468713                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2843468712956000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               9590591767737000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                2274625                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  2547574                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                           518893822250                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4906208                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  5479.87                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 12464641593                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   13960362937                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           625                       # Clock period in ticks
system.bootmem.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu00.dtb.walker       203200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu00.itb.walker        70208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu00.inst       3034944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu00.data      16632640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu01.dtb.walker       109824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu01.itb.walker        30336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu01.inst        705600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu01.data      14751744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu02.dtb.walker       169344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu02.itb.walker        94528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu02.inst       4674496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu02.data      16228352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu03.dtb.walker       143296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu03.itb.walker        36864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu03.inst       1375488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu03.data      14996672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu04.dtb.walker       190400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu04.itb.walker        91328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu04.inst       1415808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu04.data      13185856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu05.dtb.walker       181568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu05.itb.walker        40896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu05.inst        634752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu05.data      12857536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu06.dtb.walker       143680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu06.itb.walker        23616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu06.inst        670464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu06.data      12517504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu07.dtb.walker       120704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu07.itb.walker        22976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu07.inst        690624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu07.data      12652096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu08.dtb.walker       125632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu08.itb.walker        93632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu08.inst       1522880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu08.data      14253632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu09.dtb.walker       171904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu09.itb.walker        44608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu09.inst       1049216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu09.data      13752128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu10.dtb.walker       122432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu10.itb.walker        32000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu10.inst        606976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu10.data      12125376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu11.dtb.walker       175360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu11.itb.walker        38336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu11.inst       1076224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu11.data      13962880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu12.dtb.walker       174656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu12.itb.walker        43200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu12.inst        787584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu12.data      14356608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu13.dtb.walker       213824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu13.itb.walker       177024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu13.inst       2009344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu13.data      14352320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu14.dtb.walker       960896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu14.itb.walker       615360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu14.inst      10670208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu14.data      22010752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu15.dtb.walker       175488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu15.itb.walker        41088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu15.inst       1145088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu15.data      13703040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          269287040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu00.inst      3034944                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu01.inst       705600                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu02.inst      4674496                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu03.inst      1375488                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu04.inst      1415808                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu05.inst       634752                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu06.inst       670464                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu07.inst       690624                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu08.inst      1522880                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu09.inst      1049216                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu10.inst       606976                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu11.inst      1076224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu12.inst       787584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu13.inst      2009344                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu14.inst     10670208                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu15.inst      1145088                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total      32069696                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks    155830784                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total       155830784                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu00.dtb.walker         3175                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu00.itb.walker         1097                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu00.inst          47421                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu00.data         259885                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu01.dtb.walker         1716                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu01.itb.walker          474                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu01.inst          11025                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu01.data         230496                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu02.dtb.walker         2646                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu02.itb.walker         1477                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu02.inst          73039                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu02.data         253568                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu03.dtb.walker         2239                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu03.itb.walker          576                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu03.inst          21492                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu03.data         234323                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu04.dtb.walker         2975                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu04.itb.walker         1427                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu04.inst          22122                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu04.data         206029                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu05.dtb.walker         2837                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu05.itb.walker          639                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu05.inst           9918                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu05.data         200899                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu06.dtb.walker         2245                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu06.itb.walker          369                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu06.inst          10476                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu06.data         195586                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu07.dtb.walker         1886                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu07.itb.walker          359                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu07.inst          10791                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu07.data         197689                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu08.dtb.walker         1963                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu08.itb.walker         1463                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu08.inst          23795                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu08.data         222713                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu09.dtb.walker         2686                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu09.itb.walker          697                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu09.inst          16394                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu09.data         214877                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu10.dtb.walker         1913                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu10.itb.walker          500                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu10.inst           9484                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu10.data         189459                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu11.dtb.walker         2740                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu11.itb.walker          599                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu11.inst          16816                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu11.data         218170                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu12.dtb.walker         2729                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu12.itb.walker          675                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu12.inst          12306                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu12.data         224322                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu13.dtb.walker         3341                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu13.itb.walker         2766                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu13.inst          31396                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu13.data         224255                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu14.dtb.walker        15014                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu14.itb.walker         9615                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu14.inst         166722                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu14.data         343918                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu15.dtb.walker         2742                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu15.itb.walker          642                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu15.inst          17892                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu15.data         214110                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             4207610                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       2434856                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            2434856                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu00.dtb.walker           71                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu00.itb.walker           25                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu00.inst             1067                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu00.data             5849                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu01.dtb.walker           39                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu01.itb.walker           11                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu01.inst              248                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu01.data             5188                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu02.dtb.walker           60                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu02.itb.walker           33                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu02.inst             1644                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu02.data             5707                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu03.dtb.walker           50                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu03.itb.walker           13                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu03.inst              484                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu03.data             5274                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu04.dtb.walker           67                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu04.itb.walker           32                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu04.inst              498                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu04.data             4637                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu05.dtb.walker           64                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu05.itb.walker           14                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu05.inst              223                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu05.data             4522                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu06.dtb.walker           51                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu06.itb.walker            8                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu06.inst              236                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu06.data             4402                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu07.dtb.walker           42                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu07.itb.walker            8                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu07.inst              243                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu07.data             4450                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu08.dtb.walker           44                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu08.itb.walker           33                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu08.inst              536                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu08.data             5013                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu09.dtb.walker           60                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu09.itb.walker           16                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu09.inst              369                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu09.data             4836                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu10.dtb.walker           43                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu10.itb.walker           11                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu10.inst              213                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu10.data             4264                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu11.dtb.walker           62                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu11.itb.walker           13                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu11.inst              378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu11.data             4911                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu12.dtb.walker           61                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu12.itb.walker           15                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu12.inst              277                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu12.data             5049                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu13.dtb.walker           75                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu13.itb.walker           62                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu13.inst              707                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu13.data             5047                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu14.dtb.walker          338                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu14.itb.walker          216                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu14.inst             3753                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu14.data             7741                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu15.dtb.walker           62                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu15.itb.walker           14                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu15.inst              403                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu15.data             4819                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total                 94704                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu00.inst         1067                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu01.inst          248                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu02.inst         1644                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu03.inst          484                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu04.inst          498                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu05.inst          223                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu06.inst          236                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu07.inst          243                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu08.inst          536                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu09.inst          369                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu10.inst          213                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu11.inst          378                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu12.inst          277                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu13.inst          707                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu14.inst         3753                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu15.inst          403                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            11278                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks           54803                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total                54803                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks           54803                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu00.dtb.walker           71                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu00.itb.walker           25                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu00.inst            1067                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu00.data            5849                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu01.dtb.walker           39                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu01.itb.walker           11                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu01.inst             248                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu01.data            5188                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu02.dtb.walker           60                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu02.itb.walker           33                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu02.inst            1644                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu02.data            5707                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu03.dtb.walker           50                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu03.itb.walker           13                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu03.inst             484                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu03.data            5274                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu04.dtb.walker           67                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu04.itb.walker           32                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu04.inst             498                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu04.data            4637                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu05.dtb.walker           64                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu05.itb.walker           14                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu05.inst             223                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu05.data            4522                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu06.dtb.walker           51                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu06.itb.walker            8                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu06.inst             236                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu06.data            4402                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu07.dtb.walker           42                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu07.itb.walker            8                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu07.inst             243                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu07.data            4450                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu08.dtb.walker           44                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu08.itb.walker           33                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu08.inst             536                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu08.data            5013                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu09.dtb.walker           60                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu09.itb.walker           16                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu09.inst             369                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu09.data            4836                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu10.dtb.walker           43                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu10.itb.walker           11                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu10.inst             213                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu10.data            4264                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu11.dtb.walker           62                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu11.itb.walker           13                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu11.inst             378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu11.data            4911                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu12.dtb.walker           61                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu12.itb.walker           15                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu12.inst             277                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu12.data            5049                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu13.dtb.walker           75                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu13.itb.walker           62                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu13.inst             707                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu13.data            5047                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu14.dtb.walker          338                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu14.itb.walker          216                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu14.inst            3753                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu14.data            7741                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu15.dtb.walker           62                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu15.itb.walker           14                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu15.inst             403                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu15.data            4819                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total               149507                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                           0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                          0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                       0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                       0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                    0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::16                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::17                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::18                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::19                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::20                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::21                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::22                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::23                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::24                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::25                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::26                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::27                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::28                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::29                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::30                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::31                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::16                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::17                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::18                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::19                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::20                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::21                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::22                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::23                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::24                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::25                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::26                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::27                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::28                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::29                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::30                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::31                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                             0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::64                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::65                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::66                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::67                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::68                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::69                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::70                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::71                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::72                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::73                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::74                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::75                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::76                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::77                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::78                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::79                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::80                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::81                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::82                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::83                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::84                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::85                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::86                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::87                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::88                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::89                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::90                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::91                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::92                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::93                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::94                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::95                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::96                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::97                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::98                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::99                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::100                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::101                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::102                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::103                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::104                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::105                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::106                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::107                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::108                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::109                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::110                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::111                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::112                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::113                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::114                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::115                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::116                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::117                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::118                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::119                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::120                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::121                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::122                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::123                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::124                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::125                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::126                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::127                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                            0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat                       0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                          nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                        nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                     nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                         0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      19207.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                       0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                           nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                      nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         464054093954435.812500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           464054093954435.812500                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            163.200000                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime                    0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 9590591767737000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         464054093954435.812500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           464054093954435.812500                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            163.200000                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime                    0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 9590591767737000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.preBackEnergy         464054093954435.812500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.actPowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.prePowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.totalEnergy           464054093954435.812500                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.averagePower            163.200000                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_2.totalIdleTime                    0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::IDLE 9590591767737000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.preBackEnergy         464054093954435.812500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.actPowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.prePowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.totalEnergy           464054093954435.812500                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.averagePower            163.200000                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_3.totalIdleTime                    0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::IDLE 9590591767737000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cf0.dma_read_full_pages                     14                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_bytes                       57344                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_txs                            14                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_write_full_pages                   111                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_bytes                     454656                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_txs                          111                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walks                   83761                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walksLong               83761                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        83761                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         83761    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        83761                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples     15751648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walksPending::0      15751648    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walksPending::total     15751648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        82643     98.97%     98.97% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          609      0.73%     99.70% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G          254      0.30%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        83506                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        83761                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        83761                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        83506                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        83506                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total       167267                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                   49214295                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                    73301                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                  50220964                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                   10460                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              2206                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    45                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                    652                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                 1769                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                     197                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses               49287596                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses              50231424                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                        99435259                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                         83761                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                    99519020                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walks                   90587                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walksLong               90587                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        90587                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         90587    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        90587                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walksPending::samples     15775648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walksPending::0      15775648    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walksPending::total     15775648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        89955     99.31%     99.31% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          622      0.69%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        90577                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        90587                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        90587                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        90577                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        90577                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total       181164                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                  889427922                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                    90587                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              2206                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    45                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                    529                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses              889518509                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                       889427922                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                         90587                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                   889518509                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numPwrStateTransitions              6777                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         3389                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   838881882923.581055                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  5957175732801.931641                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows         1061     31.31%     31.31% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         2217     65.42%     96.72% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::4.5e+11-5e+11            1      0.03%     96.75% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::5e+11-5.5e+11            1      0.03%     96.78% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::5.5e+11-6e+11            1      0.03%     96.81% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::8.5e+11-9e+11            2      0.06%     96.87% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows          106      3.13%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 79871113826456                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::total          3389                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  498011727984                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 2842970701228016                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.numCycles                   19181183468976                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu00.kern.inst.quiesce                   3389                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                 889514345                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                   996021447                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.committedUserInsts             860177027                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses           894609111                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                   32                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_vec_alu_accesses              398938                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                  38639741                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts    108997153                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                  894609111                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                          32                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_vec_insts                     398938                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads        1348499005                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes        678958525                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                 32                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_vec_register_reads            524096                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu00.num_vec_register_writes           290520                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu00.num_cc_register_reads         2873144023                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu00.num_cc_register_writes         709864316                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                   110964887                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                  60703688                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                 50261199                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles             19177824031930.386719                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles             3359437045.614804                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction               0.000175                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                   0.999825                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.Branches                       142452578                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu00.op_class::No_OpClass               13383      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IntAlu               876267797     87.98%     87.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IntMult                8509377      0.85%     88.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IntDiv                   26418      0.00%     88.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     88.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     88.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     88.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     88.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     88.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     88.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     88.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     88.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAdd                  44912      0.00%     88.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     88.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAlu                  96012      0.01%     88.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdCmp                  53532      0.01%     88.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     88.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdMisc                 45133      0.00%     88.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     88.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     88.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     88.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     88.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     88.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     88.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     88.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     88.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     88.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     88.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatMisc             4150      0.00%     88.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     88.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     88.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     88.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead               60703688      6.09%     94.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite              50261167      5.05%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMemWrite               32      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::total                996025601                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         469.707478                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.total_refs          99507282                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         1434279                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.avg_refs           69.377912                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   469.707478                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.917397                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.917397                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          507                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          235                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          144                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.990234                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       200449227                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.data_accesses      200449227                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu00.data     47940937                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      47940937                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu00.data     49803790                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     49803790                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu00.data        70561                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        70561                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu00.data         2861                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         2861                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu00.data       108707                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       108707                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu00.data        89948                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        89948                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::cpu00.data     97747588                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total       97747588                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::cpu00.data     97818149                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total      97818149                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu00.data      1140381                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1140381                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu00.data       277021                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       277021                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu00.data        18644                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        18644                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu00.data        32070                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        32070                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu00.data         2736                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         2736                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu00.data        19626                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        19626                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::cpu00.data      1449472                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total      1449472                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::cpu00.data      1468116                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total      1468116                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu00.data     49081318                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     49081318                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu00.data     50080811                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     50080811                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu00.data        89205                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        89205                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu00.data        34931                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        34931                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu00.data       111443                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       111443                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu00.data       109574                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       109574                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu00.data     99197060                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total     99197060                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu00.data     99286265                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total     99286265                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.023235                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.023235                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.005531                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005531                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.209002                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.209002                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.918096                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.918096                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.024551                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.024551                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.179112                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.179112                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.014612                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014612                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.014787                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014787                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       838834                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total          838834                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements              1374136                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.icache.tags.tagsinuse         511.999986                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.tags.total_refs         889518499                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.tags.sampled_refs         1012852                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.tags.avg_refs          878.231468                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst   511.999986                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          477                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu00.icache.tags.tag_accesses      1780049850                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu00.icache.tags.data_accesses     1780049850                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu00.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu00.inst    888505647                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     888505647                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::cpu00.inst    888505647                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total      888505647                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::cpu00.inst    888505647                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total     888505647                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu00.inst      1012852                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      1012852                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::cpu00.inst      1012852                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total      1012852                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::cpu00.inst      1012852                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total      1012852                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu00.inst    889518499                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    889518499                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::cpu00.inst    889518499                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total    889518499                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::cpu00.inst    889518499                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total    889518499                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.001139                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001139                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.001139                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001139                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.001139                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001139                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.writebacks::writebacks      1012340                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.icache.writebacks::total         1012340                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.icache.replacements              1012340                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walks                   37208                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walksLong               37208                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        37208                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         37208    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        37208                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples     15753148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walksPending::0      15753148    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walksPending::total     15753148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        36826     99.50%     99.50% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           34      0.09%     99.59% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G          152      0.41%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        37012                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        37208                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        37208                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        37012                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        37012                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        74220                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                   39440009                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                    31853                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                  40625726                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                    5355                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              2206                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    45                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                    138                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                   66                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       7                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses               39471862                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses              40631081                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                        80065735                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                         37208                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                    80102943                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walks                   21629                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walksLong               21629                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        21629                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         21629    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        21629                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walksPending::samples     15777148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walksPending::0      15777148    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walksPending::total     15777148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        21619     99.98%     99.98% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M            5      0.02%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        21624                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        21629                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        21629                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        21624                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        21624                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        43253                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                  760370072                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                    21629                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              2206                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    45                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                    146                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses              760391701                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                       760370072                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                         21629                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                   760391701                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numPwrStateTransitions              4042                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         2021                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   1406750891401.899170                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  44785456119606.703125                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          597     29.54%     29.54% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         1413     69.92%     99.46% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows           11      0.54%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 1995950722437000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::total          2021                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  425161432762                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 2843043551523238                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.numCycles                   1695035983059                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu01.kern.inst.quiesce                   2022                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                 760390564                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                   850323153                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.committedUserInsts             749447432                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses           761312014                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                   16                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_vec_alu_accesses               54432                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                  32365046                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts     94704155                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                  761312014                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                          16                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_vec_insts                      54432                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads        1151708215                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes        577197623                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                 16                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_vec_register_reads             54400                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu01.num_vec_register_writes               32                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu01.num_cc_register_reads         2513068153                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu01.num_cc_register_writes         615883723                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                    90092028                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                  49434444                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                 40657584                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles             1694782537707.603516                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles             253445351.396649                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction               0.000150                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                   0.999850                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.Branches                       122418570                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu01.op_class::No_OpClass                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IntAlu               752513997     88.50%     88.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IntMult                7702450      0.91%     89.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IntDiv                   11606      0.00%     89.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     89.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     89.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     89.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     89.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     89.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     89.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     89.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     89.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     89.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     89.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     89.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     89.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     89.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     89.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     89.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     89.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     89.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     89.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     89.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     89.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     89.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     89.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     89.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     89.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatMisc             4204      0.00%     89.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     89.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     89.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     89.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead               49434444      5.81%     95.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite              40657568      4.78%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMemWrite               16      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::total                850324285                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         402.631770                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.total_refs          80098781                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          991538                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.avg_refs           80.782361                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054782000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.data   402.631770                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.786390                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.786390                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          418                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          418                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.816406                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       161189100                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.data_accesses      161189100                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu01.data     38623025                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      38623025                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu01.data     40383483                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     40383483                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu01.data        19805                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        19805                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu01.data        31526                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        31526                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu01.data        21460                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        21460                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::cpu01.data     79006508                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total       79006508                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::cpu01.data     79026313                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total      79026313                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu01.data       786284                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       786284                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu01.data       202025                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       202025                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu01.data         8305                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         8305                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu01.data        12352                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        12352                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu01.data          853                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          853                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu01.data         9663                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         9663                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::cpu01.data      1000661                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total      1000661                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::cpu01.data      1008966                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total      1008966                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu01.data     39409309                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     39409309                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu01.data     40585508                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     40585508                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu01.data        28110                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        28110                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu01.data        12352                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        12352                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu01.data        32379                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        32379                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu01.data        31123                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        31123                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu01.data     80007169                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total     80007169                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu01.data     80035279                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total     80035279                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.019952                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019952                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.004978                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.004978                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.295446                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.295446                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.026344                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.026344                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.310478                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.310478                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.012507                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012507                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.012607                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012607                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       604138                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total          604138                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements               957873                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.icache.tags.tagsinuse         511.702077                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.tags.total_refs         760391696                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.tags.sampled_refs          300316                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.tags.avg_refs         2531.971976                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054781500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst   511.702077                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.999418                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999418                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu01.icache.tags.tag_accesses      1521083708                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu01.icache.tags.data_accesses     1521083708                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu01.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu01.inst    760091380                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     760091380                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::cpu01.inst    760091380                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total      760091380                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::cpu01.inst    760091380                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total     760091380                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu01.inst       300316                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       300316                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::cpu01.inst       300316                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total       300316                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::cpu01.inst       300316                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total       300316                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu01.inst    760391696                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    760391696                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::cpu01.inst    760391696                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total    760391696                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::cpu01.inst    760391696                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total    760391696                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu01.inst     0.000395                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000395                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu01.inst     0.000395                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000395                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu01.inst     0.000395                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000395                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.writebacks::writebacks       299804                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.icache.writebacks::total          299804                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.icache.replacements               299804                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walks                  122105                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walksLong              122105                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples       122105                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0        122105    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total       122105                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples   1551978868                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walksPending::0    1551978868    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walksPending::total   1551978868                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K       119827     98.61%     98.61% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M         1540      1.27%     99.87% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G          155      0.13%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total       121522                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data       122105                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total       122105                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data       121522                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total       121522                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total       243627                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                   48703597                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                   113651                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                  48278457                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                    8454                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              2206                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    45                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                    395                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                 3227                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                      90                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses               48817248                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses              48286911                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                        96982054                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                        122105                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                    97104159                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walks                  197613                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walksLong              197613                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples       197613                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0        197613    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total       197613                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walksPending::samples   1552284868                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walksPending::0    1552284868    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walksPending::total   1552284868                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K       195860     99.19%     99.19% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M         1590      0.81%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total       197450                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst       197613                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total       197613                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst       197450                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total       197450                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total       395063                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                  805950847                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                   197613                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              2206                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    45                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                    366                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses              806148460                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                       805950847                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                        197613                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                   806148460                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numPwrStateTransitions              6833                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         3417                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   743494375283.359619                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  5260661865009.308594                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          745     21.80%     21.80% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         2573     75.30%     97.10% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::4.5e+11-5e+11            2      0.06%     97.16% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::9.5e+11-1e+12            2      0.06%     97.22% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows           95      2.78%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 85332409769192                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::total          3417                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  302948432612760                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 2540520280343240                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.numCycles                   19101719777185                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu02.kern.inst.quiesce                   3417                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                 806140395                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                   904791146                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.committedUserInsts             763119068                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses           811604602                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                   32                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_vec_alu_accesses             1007599                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                  35523992                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts    100965599                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                  811604602                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                          32                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_vec_insts                    1007599                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads        1223937386                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes        617185585                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                 32                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_vec_register_reads           1435926                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu02.num_vec_register_writes           838699                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu02.num_cc_register_reads         2522936317                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu02.num_cc_register_writes         625926771                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                   106976145                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                  58666332                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                 48309813                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles             19098680676652.953125                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles             3039100532.044369                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction               0.000159                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                   0.999841                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.Branches                       132396921                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu02.op_class::No_OpClass               40829      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IntAlu               789238275     87.23%     87.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IntMult                7768646      0.86%     88.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IntDiv                   40709      0.00%     88.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatAdd                     5      0.00%     88.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     88.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatCvt                     5      0.00%     88.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMult                    1      0.00%     88.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     88.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatDiv                     2      0.00%     88.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMisc                    4      0.00%     88.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     88.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAdd                 137010      0.02%     88.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     88.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAlu                 292350      0.03%     88.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdCmp                 163316      0.02%     88.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     88.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdMisc                137544      0.02%     88.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     88.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     88.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     88.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     88.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     88.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     88.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     88.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     88.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     88.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     88.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatMisc             4207      0.00%     88.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     88.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     88.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     88.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead               58666332      6.48%     94.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite              48309781      5.34%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMemWrite               32      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::total                904799048                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         417.293147                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.total_refs          97088008                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         1577407                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.avg_refs           61.549117                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    7049619089008500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.data   417.293147                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.815026                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.815026                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          383                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          383                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.748047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       195765981                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.data_accesses      195765981                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu02.data     47238049                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      47238049                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu02.data     47701225                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     47701225                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu02.data       123721                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total       123721                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu02.data         6814                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         6814                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu02.data       205587                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       205587                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu02.data       187441                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       187441                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::cpu02.data     94946088                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total       94946088                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::cpu02.data     95069809                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total      95069809                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu02.data      1207524                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1207524                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu02.data       300596                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       300596                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu02.data        30781                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        30781                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu02.data        57897                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        57897                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu02.data         5773                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         5773                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu02.data        22543                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        22543                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::cpu02.data      1566017                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total      1566017                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::cpu02.data      1596798                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total      1596798                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu02.data     48445573                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     48445573                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu02.data     48001821                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     48001821                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu02.data       154502                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total       154502                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu02.data        64711                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        64711                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu02.data       211360                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       211360                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu02.data       209984                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       209984                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu02.data     96512105                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total     96512105                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu02.data     96666607                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total     96666607                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.024925                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.024925                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.006262                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006262                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.199227                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.199227                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.894701                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.894701                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.027314                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.027314                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.107356                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.107356                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.016226                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016226                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.016519                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016519                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       965265                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total          965265                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements              1534779                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.icache.tags.tagsinuse         457.532019                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.tags.total_refs         806148297                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.tags.sampled_refs         1942372                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.tags.avg_refs          415.032907                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    7049619089003500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   457.532019                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.893617                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.893617                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu02.icache.tags.tag_accesses      1614238966                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu02.icache.tags.data_accesses     1614238966                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu02.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu02.inst    804205925                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     804205925                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::cpu02.inst    804205925                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total      804205925                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::cpu02.inst    804205925                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total     804205925                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu02.inst      1942372                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      1942372                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::cpu02.inst      1942372                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total      1942372                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::cpu02.inst      1942372                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total      1942372                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu02.inst    806148297                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    806148297                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::cpu02.inst    806148297                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total    806148297                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::cpu02.inst    806148297                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total    806148297                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu02.inst     0.002409                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002409                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu02.inst     0.002409                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002409                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu02.inst     0.002409                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002409                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.writebacks::writebacks      1941860                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.icache.writebacks::total         1941860                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.icache.replacements              1941860                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walks                   42008                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walksLong               42008                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        42008                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         42008    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        42008                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples   -534649928                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walksPending::0    -534649928    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walksPending::total   -534649928                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        40231     99.52%     99.52% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           46      0.11%     99.64% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G          147      0.36%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        40424                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        42008                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        42008                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        40424                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        40424                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        82432                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                   41226264                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                    32557                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                  43156322                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                    9451                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              2206                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    45                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                    261                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                  158                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                      35                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses               41258821                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses              43165773                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                        84382586                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                         42008                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                    84424594                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walks                   31645                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walksLong               31645                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        31645                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         31645    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        31645                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walksPending::samples   -583349928                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walksPending::0    -583349928    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walksPending::total   -583349928                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        31411     99.62%     99.62% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          120      0.38%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        31531                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        31645                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        31645                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        31531                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        31531                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        63176                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                  783024867                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                    31645                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              2206                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    45                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                    371                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses              783056512                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                       783024867                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                         31645                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                   783056512                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numPwrStateTransitions              3711                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         1856                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   1531805390769.150391                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  12590058950000.298828                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          553     29.80%     29.80% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         1257     67.73%     97.52% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::5e+11-5.5e+11            1      0.05%     97.58% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::9.5e+11-1e+12            1      0.05%     97.63% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows           44      2.37%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 302498239885000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::total          1856                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  437907688457                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 2843030805267543                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.numCycles                   19114597109936                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu03.kern.inst.quiesce                   1856                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                 783053348                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                   875813474                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.committedUserInsts             760245548                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses           785466203                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                   16                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_vec_alu_accesses               61594                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                  33334929                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts     96699275                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                  785466203                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                          16                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_vec_insts                      61594                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads        1184324642                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes        597810367                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                 16                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_vec_register_reads             61711                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu03.num_vec_register_writes             2379                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu03.num_cc_register_reads         2547292151                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu03.num_cc_register_writes         632895911                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                    95514088                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                  52318397                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                 43195691                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles             19111653371252.710938                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles             2943738683.289841                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction               0.000154                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                   0.999846                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.Branches                       125456461                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu03.op_class::No_OpClass                  98      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IntAlu               772503909     88.20%     88.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IntMult                7779237      0.89%     89.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IntDiv                   13536      0.00%     89.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     89.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     89.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     89.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     89.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     89.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     89.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     89.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     89.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAdd                    263      0.00%     89.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     89.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAlu                    495      0.00%     89.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdCmp                    392      0.00%     89.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     89.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdMisc                   291      0.00%     89.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     89.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     89.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     89.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     89.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     89.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     89.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     89.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     89.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     89.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     89.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatMisc             4215      0.00%     89.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     89.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     89.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     89.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead               52318397      5.97%     95.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite              43195675      4.93%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMemWrite               16      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::total                875816524                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         387.497632                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.total_refs          84411054                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         1159455                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.avg_refs           72.802355                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   387.497632                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.756831                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.756831                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          440                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          440                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.859375                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       169991291                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.data_accesses      169991291                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu03.data     40251733                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      40251733                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu03.data     42726288                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     42726288                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu03.data        69904                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        69904                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu03.data          588                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total          588                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu03.data        89391                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        89391                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu03.data        76604                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        76604                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::cpu03.data     82978609                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total       82978609                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::cpu03.data     83048513                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total      83048513                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu03.data       833370                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       833370                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu03.data       239809                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       239809                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu03.data        10116                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        10116                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu03.data        99558                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        99558                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu03.data          984                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          984                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu03.data        12709                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        12709                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::cpu03.data      1172737                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total      1172737                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::cpu03.data      1182853                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total      1182853                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu03.data     41085103                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     41085103                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu03.data     42966097                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     42966097                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu03.data        80020                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        80020                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu03.data       100146                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total       100146                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu03.data        90375                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        90375                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu03.data        89313                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        89313                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu03.data     84151346                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total     84151346                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu03.data     84231366                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total     84231366                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.020284                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.020284                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.005581                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005581                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.126418                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.126418                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.994129                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.994129                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.010888                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.010888                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.142297                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.142297                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.013936                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.013936                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.014043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       766693                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total          766693                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements              1119413                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.icache.tags.tagsinuse         477.957264                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.tags.total_refs         783056398                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.tags.sampled_refs          446661                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.tags.avg_refs         1753.133580                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst   477.957264                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.933510                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.933510                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu03.icache.tags.tag_accesses      1566559457                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu03.icache.tags.data_accesses     1566559457                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu03.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu03.inst    782609737                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     782609737                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::cpu03.inst    782609737                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total      782609737                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::cpu03.inst    782609737                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total     782609737                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu03.inst       446661                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       446661                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::cpu03.inst       446661                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total       446661                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::cpu03.inst       446661                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total       446661                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu03.inst    783056398                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    783056398                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::cpu03.inst    783056398                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total    783056398                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::cpu03.inst    783056398                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total    783056398                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu03.inst     0.000570                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000570                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu03.inst     0.000570                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000570                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu03.inst     0.000570                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000570                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.writebacks::writebacks       446149                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.icache.writebacks::total          446149                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.icache.replacements               446149                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walks                   31330                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walksLong               31330                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        31330                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         31330    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        31330                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples     15751648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walksPending::0      15751648    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walksPending::total     15751648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        30867     99.23%     99.23% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          177      0.57%     99.80% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G           61      0.20%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        31105                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        31330                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        31330                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        31105                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        31105                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        62435                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                   40079315                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                    27007                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                  41131140                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                    4323                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              2206                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    45                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                    214                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                  339                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                      15                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses               40106322                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses              41135463                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                        81210455                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                         31330                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                    81241785                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walks                   35726                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walksLong               35726                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        35726                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         35726    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        35726                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walksPending::samples     15759148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walksPending::0      15759148    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walksPending::total     15759148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        35547     99.56%     99.56% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          156      0.44%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        35703                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        35726                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        35726                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        35703                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        35703                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        71429                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                  763453081                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                    35726                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              2206                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    45                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                    286                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses              763488807                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                       763453081                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                         35726                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                   763488807                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numPwrStateTransitions              3697                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         1849                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   1537610511156.462891                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  47651758471199.609375                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          431     23.31%     23.31% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         1403     75.88%     99.19% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::3.5e+11-4e+11            1      0.05%     99.24% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows           14      0.76%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 1995930722649000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::total          1849                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  426877827700                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 2843041835128300                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.numCycles                   15189322092025                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu04.kern.inst.quiesce                   1849                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                 763486895                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                   853755103                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.committedUserInsts             750262266                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses           764583126                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                   16                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_vec_alu_accesses              144487                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                  32456822                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts     95041745                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                  764583126                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                          16                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_vec_insts                     144487                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads        1157143810                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes        579972139                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                 16                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_vec_register_reads            183304                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu04.num_vec_register_writes            76983                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu04.num_cc_register_reads         2509680946                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu04.num_cc_register_writes         614789145                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                    91114781                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                  49953189                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                 41161592                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles             15187041783950.062500                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles             2280308074.937613                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction               0.000150                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                   0.999850                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.Branches                       122950115                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu04.op_class::No_OpClass                3779      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IntAlu               754893218     88.42%     88.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IntMult                7659926      0.90%     89.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IntDiv                   14360      0.00%     89.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     89.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     89.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     89.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     89.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     89.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     89.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     89.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     89.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAdd                  12438      0.00%     89.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     89.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAlu                  26567      0.00%     89.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdCmp                  15116      0.00%     89.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     89.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdMisc                 12603      0.00%     89.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     89.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     89.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     89.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     89.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     89.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     89.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     89.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     89.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     89.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     89.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatMisc             4204      0.00%     89.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     89.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     89.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     89.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead               49953189      5.85%     95.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite              41161576      4.82%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMemWrite               16      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::total                853756992                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         416.616379                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.total_refs          81237246                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          992157                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.avg_refs           81.879426                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.data   416.616379                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.813704                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.813704                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          422                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          422                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.824219                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       163467161                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.data_accesses      163467161                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu04.data     39255730                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      39255730                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu04.data     40849099                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     40849099                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu04.data        29582                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        29582                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu04.data          733                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total          733                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu04.data        47229                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        47229                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu04.data        37204                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        37204                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::cpu04.data     80105562                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total       80105562                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::cpu04.data     80135144                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total      80135144                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu04.data       762534                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       762534                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu04.data       219278                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       219278                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu04.data         7737                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         7737                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu04.data        16896                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        16896                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu04.data         1076                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1076                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu04.data        10148                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        10148                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::cpu04.data       998708                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total       998708                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::cpu04.data      1006445                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total      1006445                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu04.data     40018264                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     40018264                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu04.data     41068377                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     41068377                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu04.data        37319                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        37319                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu04.data        17629                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        17629                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu04.data        48305                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        48305                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu04.data        47352                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        47352                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu04.data     81104270                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total     81104270                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu04.data     81141589                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total     81141589                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.019055                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019055                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.005339                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005339                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.207321                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.207321                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.958421                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.958421                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.022275                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.022275                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.214310                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.214310                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.012314                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012314                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.012404                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012404                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       643754                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total          643754                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements               964553                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.icache.tags.tagsinuse         511.212200                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.tags.total_refs         763488784                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.tags.sampled_refs          444645                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.tags.avg_refs         1717.074934                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst   511.212200                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.998461                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998461                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu04.icache.tags.tag_accesses      1527422213                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu04.icache.tags.data_accesses     1527422213                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu04.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu04.inst    763044139                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     763044139                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::cpu04.inst    763044139                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total      763044139                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::cpu04.inst    763044139                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total     763044139                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu04.inst       444645                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       444645                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::cpu04.inst       444645                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total       444645                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::cpu04.inst       444645                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total       444645                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu04.inst    763488784                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    763488784                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::cpu04.inst    763488784                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total    763488784                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::cpu04.inst    763488784                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total    763488784                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu04.inst     0.000582                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000582                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu04.inst     0.000582                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000582                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu04.inst     0.000582                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000582                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.writebacks::writebacks       444133                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.icache.writebacks::total          444133                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.icache.replacements               444133                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walks                   32334                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walksLong               32334                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        32334                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         32334    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        32334                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples   -697772816                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walksPending::0    -697772816    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walksPending::total   -697772816                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        31932     99.49%     99.49% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           37      0.12%     99.61% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G          126      0.39%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        32095                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        32334                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        32334                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        32095                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        32095                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        64429                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                   39406011                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                    27859                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                  40565581                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                    4475                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              2206                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    45                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                    161                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                   63                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                      13                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses               39433870                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses              40570056                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                        79971592                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                         32334                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                    80003926                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walks                   22334                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walksLong               22334                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        22334                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         22334    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        22334                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walksPending::samples   -697777816                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walksPending::0    -697777816    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walksPending::total   -697777816                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        22298     99.96%     99.96% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           10      0.04%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        22308                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        22334                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        22334                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        22308                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        22308                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        44642                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                  760300316                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                    22334                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              2206                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    45                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                    204                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses              760322650                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                       760300316                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                         22334                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                   760322650                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numPwrStateTransitions              4265                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         2133                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   1191060774626.212891                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  44627694761208.453125                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          650     30.47%     30.47% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         1480     69.39%     99.86% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows            3      0.14%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 1995950722287500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::total          2133                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  302936080678288                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 2540532632277712                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.numCycles                   15189282093032                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu05.kern.inst.quiesce                   2133                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                 760321415                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                   850135533                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.committedUserInsts             749329645                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses           761160368                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                   16                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_vec_alu_accesses               57108                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                  32322305                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts     94677384                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                  761160368                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                          16                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_vec_insts                      57108                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads        1151606723                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes        577026881                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                 16                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_vec_register_reads             57013                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu05.num_vec_register_writes              123                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu05.num_cc_register_reads         2512200475                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu05.num_cc_register_writes         615368698                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                    89965318                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                  49368779                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                 40596539                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles             15187011460625.742188                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles             2270632406.257849                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction               0.000149                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                   0.999851                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.Branches                       122365264                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu05.op_class::No_OpClass                   1      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IntAlu               752458882     88.51%     88.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IntMult                7696336      0.91%     89.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IntDiv                   11984      0.00%     89.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     89.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     89.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     89.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     89.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     89.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     89.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     89.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     89.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAdd                      5      0.00%     89.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     89.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAlu                      4      0.00%     89.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdCmp                      4      0.00%     89.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     89.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdMisc                     4      0.00%     89.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     89.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     89.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     89.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     89.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     89.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     89.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     89.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     89.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     89.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     89.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatMisc             4204      0.00%     89.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     89.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     89.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     89.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead               49368779      5.81%     95.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite              40596523      4.78%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMemWrite               16      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::total                850136742                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         363.290620                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.total_refs          80000169                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         1008660                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.avg_refs           79.313316                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    7049634067830000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu05.data   363.290620                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.709552                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.709552                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          407                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          407                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.794922                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       161008998                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.data_accesses      161008998                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu05.data     38570397                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      38570397                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu05.data     40315146                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     40315146                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu05.data        23092                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        23092                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu05.data           37                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total           37                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu05.data        32652                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        32652                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu05.data        23418                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        23418                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::cpu05.data     78885580                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total       78885580                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::cpu05.data     78908672                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total      78908672                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu05.data       798497                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       798497                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu05.data       207650                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       207650                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu05.data         6061                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         6061                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu05.data        13338                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        13338                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu05.data         1000                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1000                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu05.data         8881                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         8881                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::cpu05.data      1019485                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total      1019485                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::cpu05.data      1025546                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total      1025546                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu05.data     39368894                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     39368894                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu05.data     40522796                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     40522796                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu05.data        29153                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        29153                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu05.data        13375                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        13375                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu05.data        33652                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        33652                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu05.data        32299                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        32299                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu05.data     79905065                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total     79905065                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu05.data     79934218                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total     79934218                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.020282                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.020282                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.005124                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005124                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.207903                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.207903                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.997234                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.997234                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.029716                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.029716                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.274962                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.274962                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.012759                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012759                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.012830                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012830                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       634961                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total          634961                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements               977209                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.icache.tags.tagsinuse         457.529328                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.tags.total_refs         760322624                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.tags.sampled_refs          310718                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.tags.avg_refs         2446.986090                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    7049634067825000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   457.529328                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.893612                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.893612                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu05.icache.tags.tag_accesses      1520955966                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu05.icache.tags.data_accesses     1520955966                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu05.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu05.inst    760011906                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     760011906                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::cpu05.inst    760011906                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total      760011906                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::cpu05.inst    760011906                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total     760011906                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu05.inst       310718                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       310718                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::cpu05.inst       310718                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total       310718                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::cpu05.inst       310718                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total       310718                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu05.inst    760322624                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    760322624                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::cpu05.inst    760322624                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total    760322624                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::cpu05.inst    760322624                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total    760322624                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu05.inst     0.000409                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000409                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu05.inst     0.000409                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000409                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu05.inst     0.000409                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000409                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.writebacks::writebacks       310206                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.icache.writebacks::total          310206                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.icache.replacements               310206                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walks                   34752                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walksLong               34752                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        34752                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         34752    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        34752                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples   1303837572                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walksPending::0    1303837572    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walksPending::total   1303837572                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        34301     99.46%     99.46% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           43      0.12%     99.58% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G          144      0.42%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        34488                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        34752                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        34752                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        34488                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        34488                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        69240                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                   39836399                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                    29345                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                  40932367                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                    5407                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              2206                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    45                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                    223                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                   71                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                      29                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses               39865744                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses              40937774                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                        80768766                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                         34752                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                    80803518                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walks                   23291                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walksLong               23291                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        23291                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         23291    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        23291                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walksPending::samples   1253359572                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walksPending::0    1253359572    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walksPending::total   1253359572                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        23234     99.94%     99.94% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           13      0.06%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        23247                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        23291                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        23291                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        23247                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        23247                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        46538                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                  771316987                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                    23291                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              2206                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    45                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                    253                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses              771340278                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                       771316987                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                         23291                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                   771340278                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numPwrStateTransitions              4093                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         2047                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   1388880261870.313232                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  46203888515310.351562                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          648     31.66%     31.66% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         1396     68.20%     99.85% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows            3      0.15%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 1995958722379000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::total          2047                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  430816907469                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 2843037896048531                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.numCycles                   15189266092763                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu06.kern.inst.quiesce                   2047                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                 771338833                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                   861633752                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.committedUserInsts             759538279                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses           772209677                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                   16                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_vec_alu_accesses               57194                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                  32477759                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts     95264624                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                  772209677                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                          16                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_vec_insts                      57194                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads        1164502748                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes        587209556                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                 16                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_vec_register_reads             57382                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu06.num_vec_register_writes             2370                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu06.num_cc_register_reads         2541983320                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu06.num_cc_register_writes         629772839                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                    90800317                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                  49836122                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                 40964195                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles             15186964751284.156250                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles             2301341478.842040                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction               0.000152                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                   0.999848                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.Branches                       123082827                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu06.op_class::No_OpClass                 100      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IntAlu               763062488     88.56%     88.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IntMult                7754804      0.90%     89.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IntDiv                   11765      0.00%     89.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     89.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     89.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     89.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     89.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     89.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     89.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     89.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     89.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAdd                    269      0.00%     89.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     89.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAlu                    510      0.00%     89.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdCmp                    400      0.00%     89.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     89.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdMisc                   296      0.00%     89.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     89.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     89.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     89.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     89.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     89.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     89.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     89.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     89.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     89.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     89.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatMisc             4204      0.00%     89.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     89.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     89.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     89.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead               49836122      5.78%     95.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite              40964179      4.75%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMemWrite               16      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::total                861635153                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         360.234964                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.total_refs          80798789                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          968405                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.avg_refs           83.434915                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.data   360.234964                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.703584                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.703584                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          396                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          396                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.773438                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       162566623                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.data_accesses      162566623                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu06.data     39024092                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      39024092                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu06.data     40670826                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     40670826                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu06.data        29478                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        29478                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu06.data          243                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total          243                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu06.data        43216                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        43216                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu06.data        32023                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        32023                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::cpu06.data     79695161                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total       79695161                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::cpu06.data     79724639                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total      79724639                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu06.data       758364                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       758364                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu06.data       205907                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       205907                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu06.data         7483                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         7483                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu06.data        15263                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        15263                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu06.data         1033                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1033                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu06.data        10861                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        10861                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::cpu06.data       979534                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total       979534                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::cpu06.data       987017                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total       987017                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu06.data     39782456                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     39782456                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu06.data     40876733                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     40876733                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu06.data        36961                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        36961                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu06.data        15506                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        15506                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu06.data        44249                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        44249                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu06.data        42884                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        42884                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu06.data     80674695                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total     80674695                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu06.data     80711656                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total     80711656                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.019063                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019063                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.005037                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005037                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.202457                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.202457                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.984329                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.984329                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.023345                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.023345                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.253265                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.253265                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.012142                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012142                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.012229                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012229                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       612589                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total          612589                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements               933464                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.icache.tags.tagsinuse         477.957057                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.tags.total_refs         771340234                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.tags.sampled_refs          318030                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.tags.avg_refs         2425.369412                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst   477.957057                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.933510                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.933510                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu06.icache.tags.tag_accesses      1542998498                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu06.icache.tags.data_accesses     1542998498                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu06.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu06.inst    771022204                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     771022204                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::cpu06.inst    771022204                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total      771022204                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::cpu06.inst    771022204                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total     771022204                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu06.inst       318030                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       318030                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::cpu06.inst       318030                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total       318030                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::cpu06.inst       318030                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total       318030                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu06.inst    771340234                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    771340234                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::cpu06.inst    771340234                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total    771340234                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::cpu06.inst    771340234                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total    771340234                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu06.inst     0.000412                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000412                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu06.inst     0.000412                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000412                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu06.inst     0.000412                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000412                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.writebacks::writebacks       317518                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.icache.writebacks::total          317518                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.icache.replacements               317518                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walks                   29802                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walksLong               29802                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        29802                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         29802    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        29802                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples  -1748531724                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walksPending::0   -1748531724    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walksPending::total  -1748531724                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        29462     99.70%     99.70% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           37      0.13%     99.82% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G           52      0.18%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        29551                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        29802                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        29802                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        29551                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        29551                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        59353                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                   40046785                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                    24682                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                  41149929                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                    5120                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              2206                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    45                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                    301                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                   71                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                      30                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses               40071467                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses              41155049                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                        81196714                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                         29802                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                    81226516                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walks                   22665                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walksLong               22665                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        22665                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         22665    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        22665                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walksPending::samples     15775648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walksPending::0      15775648    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walksPending::total     15775648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        22607     99.91%     99.91% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           20      0.09%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        22627                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        22665                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        22665                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        22627                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        22627                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        45292                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                  775002344                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                    22665                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              2206                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    45                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                    379                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses              775025009                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                       775002344                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                         22665                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                   775025009                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numPwrStateTransitions              4239                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         2120                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   1341054668898.515625                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  9543706571704.089844                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          633     29.86%     29.86% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         1438     67.83%     97.69% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows           49      2.31%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 85332409838192                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::total          2120                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  432814891147                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 2843035898064853                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.numCycles                   19162967130496                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu07.kern.inst.quiesce                   2120                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                 775023632                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                   865629836                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.committedUserInsts             762285938                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses           775930316                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                   16                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_vec_alu_accesses               58285                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                  32614512                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts     95554253                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                  775930316                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                          16                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_vec_insts                      58285                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads        1170043922                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes        590542095                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                 16                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_vec_register_reads             58426                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu07.num_vec_register_writes             1865                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu07.num_cc_register_reads         2551004845                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu07.num_cc_register_writes         632574777                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                    91211470                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                  50029986                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                 41181484                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles             19160050264450.238281                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles             2916866045.762548                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction               0.000152                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                   0.999848                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.Branches                       123518349                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu07.op_class::No_OpClass                  82      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IntAlu               766626403     88.56%     88.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IntMult                7775589      0.90%     89.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IntDiv                   12264      0.00%     89.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     89.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     89.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     89.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     89.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     89.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     89.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     89.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     89.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAdd                    199      0.00%     89.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     89.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAlu                    392      0.00%     89.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdCmp                    328      0.00%     89.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     89.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdMisc                   242      0.00%     89.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     89.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     89.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     89.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     89.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     89.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     89.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     89.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     89.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     89.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     89.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatMisc             4206      0.00%     89.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     89.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     89.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     89.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead               50029986      5.78%     95.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite              41181468      4.76%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMemWrite               16      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::total                865631175                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         397.799394                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.total_refs          81221806                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          989589                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.avg_refs           82.076302                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   397.799394                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.776952                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.776952                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          422                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          422                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.824219                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       163433841                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.data_accesses      163433841                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu07.data     39210127                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      39210127                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu07.data     40891526                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     40891526                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu07.data        28737                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        28737                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu07.data          149                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total          149                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu07.data        42306                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        42306                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu07.data        31420                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        31420                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::cpu07.data     80101802                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total       80101802                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::cpu07.data     80130539                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total      80130539                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu07.data       779684                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       779684                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu07.data       204104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       204104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu07.data         7467                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         7467                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu07.data        14811                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        14811                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu07.data          935                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          935                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu07.data        10540                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        10540                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::cpu07.data       998599                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total       998599                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::cpu07.data      1006066                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total      1006066                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu07.data     39989811                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     39989811                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu07.data     41095630                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     41095630                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu07.data        36204                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        36204                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu07.data        14960                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        14960                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu07.data        43241                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        43241                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu07.data        41960                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        41960                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu07.data     81100401                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total     81100401                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu07.data     81136605                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total     81136605                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.019497                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019497                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.004967                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.004967                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.206248                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.206248                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.990040                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.990040                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.021623                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.021623                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.251192                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.251192                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.012313                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012313                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.012400                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012400                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       644947                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total          644947                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements               960655                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.icache.tags.tagsinuse         502.633135                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.tags.total_refs         775024971                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.tags.sampled_refs          322645                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.tags.avg_refs         2402.098192                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst   502.633135                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.981705                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.981705                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu07.icache.tags.tag_accesses      1550372587                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu07.icache.tags.data_accesses     1550372587                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu07.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu07.inst    774702326                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     774702326                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::cpu07.inst    774702326                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total      774702326                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::cpu07.inst    774702326                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total     774702326                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu07.inst       322645                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       322645                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::cpu07.inst       322645                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total       322645                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::cpu07.inst       322645                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total       322645                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu07.inst    775024971                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    775024971                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::cpu07.inst    775024971                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total    775024971                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::cpu07.inst    775024971                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total    775024971                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu07.inst     0.000416                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000416                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu07.inst     0.000416                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000416                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu07.inst     0.000416                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000416                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.writebacks::writebacks       322133                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.icache.writebacks::total          322133                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.icache.replacements               322133                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walks                   33106                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walksLong               33106                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        33106                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         33106    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        33106                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples   -869480224                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walksPending::0    -869480224    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walksPending::total   -869480224                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        32558     99.44%     99.44% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          109      0.33%     99.77% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G           75      0.23%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        32742                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        33106                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        33106                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        32742                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        32742                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        65848                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                   41211564                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                    28347                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                  42323029                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                    4759                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              2206                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    45                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                    805                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                  153                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                     197                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses               41239911                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses              42327788                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                        83534593                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                         33106                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                    83567699                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walks                   31254                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walksLong               31254                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        31254                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         31254    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        31254                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walksPending::samples   -914158724                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walksPending::0    -914158724    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walksPending::total   -914158724                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        31129     99.73%     99.73% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           83      0.27%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        31212                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        31254                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        31254                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        31212                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        31212                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        62466                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                  768536768                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                    31254                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              2206                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    45                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                    630                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses              768568022                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                       768536768                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                         31254                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                   768568022                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numPwrStateTransitions              4296                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         2148                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   1323574843763.358398                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  43768738921912.421875                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          640     29.80%     29.80% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         1498     69.74%     99.53% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows           10      0.47%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 1995934722400000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::total          2148                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  429948552306                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 2843038764403694                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.numCycles                   15189314092823                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu08.kern.inst.quiesce                   2149                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                 768565750                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                   859896314                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.committedUserInsts             754558665                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses           770233241                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                   16                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_vec_alu_accesses              126767                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                  32659937                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts     95851504                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                  770233241                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                          16                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_vec_insts                     126767                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads        1163912518                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes        584486032                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                 16                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_vec_register_reads            150412                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu08.num_vec_register_writes            51617                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu08.num_cc_register_reads         2508904284                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu08.num_cc_register_writes         615620842                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                    93460960                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                  51108277                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                 42352683                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles             15187017382673.498047                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles             2296710149.501928                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction               0.000151                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                   0.999849                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.Branches                       124078809                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu08.op_class::No_OpClass                2581      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IntAlu               758722826     88.23%     88.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IntMult                7649074      0.89%     89.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IntDiv                   14978      0.00%     89.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     89.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     89.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     89.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     89.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     89.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     89.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     89.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     89.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAdd                   8038      0.00%     89.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     89.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAlu                  16658      0.00%     89.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdCmp                  10324      0.00%     89.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     89.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdMisc                  8965      0.00%     89.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     89.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     89.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     89.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     89.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     89.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     89.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     89.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     89.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     89.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     89.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatMisc             4140      0.00%     89.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     89.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     89.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     89.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead               51108277      5.94%     95.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite              42352667      4.93%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMemWrite               16      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::total                859898544                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         335.408782                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.total_refs          83562914                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         1002002                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.avg_refs           83.395955                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.data   335.408782                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.655095                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.655095                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          383                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          383                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.748047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       168127958                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.data_accesses      168127958                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu08.data     40363963                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      40363963                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu08.data     42039506                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     42039506                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu08.data        37570                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        37570                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu08.data         1855                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         1855                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu08.data        49488                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        49488                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu08.data        39709                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        39709                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::cpu08.data     82405324                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total       82405324                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::cpu08.data     82442894                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total      82442894                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu08.data       777292                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       777292                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu08.data       212164                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       212164                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu08.data         8015                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         8015                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu08.data        22723                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        22723                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu08.data         1062                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1062                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu08.data         9567                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         9567                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::cpu08.data      1012179                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total      1012179                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::cpu08.data      1020194                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total      1020194                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu08.data     41141255                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     41141255                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu08.data     42251670                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     42251670                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu08.data        45585                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        45585                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu08.data        24578                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        24578                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu08.data        50550                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        50550                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu08.data        49276                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        49276                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu08.data     83417503                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total     83417503                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu08.data     83463088                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total     83463088                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.018893                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.018893                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.005021                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005021                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.175825                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.175825                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.924526                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.924526                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.021009                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.021009                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.194151                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.194151                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.012134                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012134                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.012223                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012223                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       639772                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total          639772                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements               975093                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.icache.tags.tagsinuse         477.956817                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.tags.total_refs         768567980                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.tags.sampled_refs          419471                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.tags.avg_refs         1832.231501                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst   477.956817                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.933509                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.933509                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu08.icache.tags.tag_accesses      1537555431                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu08.icache.tags.data_accesses     1537555431                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu08.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu08.inst    768148509                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     768148509                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::cpu08.inst    768148509                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total      768148509                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::cpu08.inst    768148509                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total     768148509                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu08.inst       419471                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       419471                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::cpu08.inst       419471                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total       419471                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::cpu08.inst       419471                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total       419471                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu08.inst    768567980                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    768567980                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::cpu08.inst    768567980                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total    768567980                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::cpu08.inst    768567980                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total    768567980                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu08.inst     0.000546                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000546                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu08.inst     0.000546                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000546                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu08.inst     0.000546                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000546                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.writebacks::writebacks       418959                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.icache.writebacks::total          418959                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.icache.replacements               418959                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walks                   40398                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walksLong               40398                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        40398                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         40398    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        40398                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples    947032276                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walksPending::0     947032276    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walksPending::total    947032276                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        39801     99.50%     99.50% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           49      0.12%     99.62% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G          152      0.38%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        40002                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        40398                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        40398                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        40002                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        40002                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        80400                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                   40256010                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                    35072                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                  41253944                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                    5326                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              2206                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    45                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                    480                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                  110                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                     175                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses               40291082                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses              41259270                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                        81509954                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                         40398                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                    81550352                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walks                   24346                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walksLong               24346                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        24346                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         24346    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        24346                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walksPending::samples    902630276                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walksPending::0     902630276    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walksPending::total    902630276                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        24229     99.87%     99.87% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           32      0.13%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        24261                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        24346                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        24346                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        24261                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        24261                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        48607                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                  748740795                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                    24346                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              2206                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    45                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                    358                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses              748765141                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                       748740795                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                         24346                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                   748765141                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numPwrStateTransitions              3903                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         1952                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   1456480078532.882080                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  12399880052591.103516                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          537     27.51%     27.51% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         1382     70.80%     98.31% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows           33      1.69%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 302504020832500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::total          1952                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  419599659814                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 2843049113296186                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.numCycles                   19114661090129                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu09.kern.inst.quiesce                   1952                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                 748763303                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                   839198845                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.committedUserInsts             734540928                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses           751451365                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                   16                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_vec_alu_accesses               80934                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                  32490266                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts     93850615                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                  751451365                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                          16                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_vec_insts                      80934                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads        1136093257                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes        568577525                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                 16                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_vec_register_reads             92009                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu09.num_vec_register_writes            21277                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu09.num_cc_register_reads         2466713826                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu09.num_cc_register_writes         601184625                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                    91445603                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                  50160983                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                 41284620                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles             19111840413726.554688                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles             2820676402.447030                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction               0.000148                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                   0.999852                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.Branches                       121546868                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu09.op_class::No_OpClass                 939      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IntAlu               740190647     88.20%     88.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IntMult                7528040      0.90%     89.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IntDiv                   12428      0.00%     89.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     89.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     89.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     89.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     89.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     89.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     89.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     89.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     89.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAdd                   3572      0.00%     89.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     89.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAlu                   7907      0.00%     89.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdCmp                   3756      0.00%     89.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     89.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdMisc                  3566      0.00%     89.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     89.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     89.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     89.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     89.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     89.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     89.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     89.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     89.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     89.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     89.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatMisc             4140      0.00%     89.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     89.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     89.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     89.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead               50160983      5.98%     95.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite              41284604      4.92%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMemWrite               16      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::total                839200598                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         356.051795                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.total_refs          81545080                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         1059439                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.avg_refs           76.970057                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.data   356.051795                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.695414                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.695414                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          385                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          385                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.751953                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       164149599                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.data_accesses      164149599                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu09.data     39347879                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      39347879                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu09.data     40961771                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     40961771                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu09.data        43131                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        43131                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu09.data          323                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total          323                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu09.data        55085                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        55085                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu09.data        44142                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        44142                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::cpu09.data     80309973                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total       80309973                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::cpu09.data     80353104                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total      80353104                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu09.data       833000                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       833000                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu09.data       224882                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       224882                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu09.data         8356                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         8356                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu09.data        14813                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        14813                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu09.data          942                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          942                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu09.data        10756                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        10756                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::cpu09.data      1072695                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total      1072695                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::cpu09.data      1081051                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total      1081051                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu09.data     40180879                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     40180879                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu09.data     41186653                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     41186653                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu09.data        51487                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        51487                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu09.data        15136                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        15136                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu09.data        56027                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        56027                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu09.data        54898                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        54898                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu09.data     81382668                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total     81382668                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu09.data     81434155                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total     81434155                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.020731                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.020731                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.005460                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005460                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.162293                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.162293                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.978660                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.978660                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.016813                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.016813                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.195927                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.195927                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.013181                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.013181                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.013275                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.013275                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       712572                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total          712572                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements              1021796                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.icache.tags.tagsinuse         477.956612                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.tags.total_refs         748765056                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.tags.sampled_refs          364322                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.tags.avg_refs         2055.228770                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst   477.956612                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.933509                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.933509                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu09.icache.tags.tag_accesses      1497894434                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu09.icache.tags.data_accesses     1497894434                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu09.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu09.inst    748400734                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     748400734                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::cpu09.inst    748400734                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total      748400734                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::cpu09.inst    748400734                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total     748400734                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu09.inst       364322                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       364322                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::cpu09.inst       364322                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total       364322                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::cpu09.inst       364322                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total       364322                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu09.inst    748765056                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    748765056                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::cpu09.inst    748765056                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total    748765056                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::cpu09.inst    748765056                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total    748765056                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu09.inst     0.000487                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000487                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu09.inst     0.000487                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000487                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu09.inst     0.000487                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000487                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.writebacks::writebacks       363810                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.icache.writebacks::total          363810                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.icache.replacements               363810                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walks                   23164                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walksLong               23164                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        23164                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         23164    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        23164                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples   -154843208                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walksPending::0    -154843208    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walksPending::total   -154843208                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        22942     99.65%     99.65% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           25      0.11%     99.76% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G           55      0.24%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        23022                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        23164                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        23164                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        23022                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        23022                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        46186                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                   33919238                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                    18609                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                  34661788                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                    4555                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              2206                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    45                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                    174                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                   48                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       7                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses               33937847                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses              34666343                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                        68581026                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                         23164                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                    68604190                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walks                    9241                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walksLong                9241                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples         9241                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0          9241    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total         9241                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walksPending::samples   -196006216                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walksPending::0    -196006216    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walksPending::total   -196006216                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K         9224     99.91%     99.91% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M            8      0.09%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total         9232                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst         9241                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total         9241                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst         9232                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total         9232                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        18473                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                  653354830                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                     9241                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              2206                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    45                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                    260                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses              653364071                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                       653354830                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                          9241                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                   653364071                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numPwrStateTransitions              2791                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         1396                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   1429869035389.777832                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  52758223201196.429688                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          442     31.66%     31.66% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10          951     68.12%     99.79% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::5e+10-1e+11            1      0.07%     99.86% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows            2      0.14%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 1971070966982500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::total          1396                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  847371539551870                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 1996097173404130                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.numCycles                   15239041602905                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu10.kern.inst.quiesce                   1396                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                 653363221                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                   731092828                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.committedUserInsts             645636259                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses           653846389                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_vec_alu_accesses               38048                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                  27689988                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts     82176448                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                  653846389                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_vec_insts                      38048                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads         984806085                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes        498004426                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_vec_register_reads             38016                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu10.num_vec_register_writes               32                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu10.num_cc_register_reads         2166342935                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu10.num_cc_register_writes         536733647                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                    77086459                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                  42399498                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                 34686961                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles             15237082525209.812500                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles             1959077695.186501                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction               0.000129                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                   0.999871                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.Branches                       105696566                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu10.op_class::No_OpClass                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IntAlu               647142618     88.52%     88.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IntMult                6852651      0.94%     89.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IntDiv                    7745      0.00%     89.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     89.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     89.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     89.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     89.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     89.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     89.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     89.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     89.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     89.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     89.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     89.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     89.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     89.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     89.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     89.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     89.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     89.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     89.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     89.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     89.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     89.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     89.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     89.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     89.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatMisc             4196      0.00%     89.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     89.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     89.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     89.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead               42399498      5.80%     95.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite              34686961      4.74%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::total                731093669                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         314.240596                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.total_refs          68600881                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          839108                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.avg_refs           81.754531                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    7594129047981500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   314.240596                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.613751                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.613751                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          447                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          447                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.873047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       138040870                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.data_accesses      138040870                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu10.data     33256900                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      33256900                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu10.data     34426074                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     34426074                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu10.data        16045                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        16045                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu10.data        23637                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        23637                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu10.data        15633                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15633                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::cpu10.data     67682974                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total       67682974                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::cpu10.data     67699019                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total      67699019                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu10.data       633877                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       633877                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu10.data       206112                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       206112                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu10.data         5329                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         5329                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu10.data         8960                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total         8960                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu10.data          578                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          578                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu10.data         7736                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         7736                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::cpu10.data       848949                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total       848949                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::cpu10.data       854278                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total       854278                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu10.data     33890777                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     33890777                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu10.data     34632186                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     34632186                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu10.data        21374                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        21374                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu10.data         8960                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total         8960                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu10.data        24215                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        24215                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu10.data        23369                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        23369                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu10.data     68531923                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total     68531923                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu10.data     68553297                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total     68553297                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.018704                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.018704                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.005951                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005951                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.249322                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.249322                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.023870                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.023870                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.331037                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.331037                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.012388                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012388                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.012462                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012462                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       532994                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total          532994                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements               816024                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.icache.tags.tagsinuse         359.474961                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.tags.total_refs         653364062                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.tags.sampled_refs          214783                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.tags.avg_refs         3041.972884                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    7594129047976500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst   359.474961                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.702100                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.702100                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu10.icache.tags.tag_accesses      1306942907                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu10.icache.tags.data_accesses     1306942907                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu10.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu10.inst    653149279                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     653149279                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::cpu10.inst    653149279                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total      653149279                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::cpu10.inst    653149279                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total     653149279                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu10.inst       214783                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       214783                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::cpu10.inst       214783                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total       214783                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::cpu10.inst       214783                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total       214783                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu10.inst    653364062                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    653364062                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::cpu10.inst    653364062                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total    653364062                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::cpu10.inst    653364062                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total    653364062                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu10.inst     0.000329                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000329                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu10.inst     0.000329                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000329                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu10.inst     0.000329                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000329                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.writebacks::writebacks       214271                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.icache.writebacks::total          214271                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.icache.replacements               214271                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walks                   40811                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walksLong               40811                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        40811                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         40811    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        40811                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples   1211467276                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walksPending::0    1211467276    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walksPending::total   1211467276                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        40181     99.45%     99.45% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           70      0.17%     99.63% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G          151      0.37%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        40402                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        40811                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        40811                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        40402                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        40402                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        81213                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                   40525476                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                    34805                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                  41366887                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                    6006                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              2206                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    45                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                    299                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                  126                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                      66                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses               40560281                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses              41372893                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                        81892363                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                         40811                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                    81933174                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walks                   25995                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walksLong               25995                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        25995                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         25995    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        25995                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walksPending::samples   1210837276                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walksPending::0    1210837276    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walksPending::total   1210837276                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        25874     99.90%     99.90% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           26      0.10%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        25900                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        25995                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        25995                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        25900                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        25900                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        51895                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                  756859387                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                    25995                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              2206                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    45                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                    267                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses              756885382                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                       756859387                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                         25995                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                   756885382                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numPwrStateTransitions              4041                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         2021                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   1257071077106.961914                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  44639351970510.250000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          625     30.93%     30.93% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         1387     68.63%     99.55% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows            9      0.45%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 1995942719247500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::total          2021                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  302928066122830                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 2540540646833170                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.numCycles                   15189298099000                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu11.kern.inst.quiesce                   2021                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                 756883585                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                   847569342                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.committedUserInsts             742356819                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses           759606310                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                   16                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_vec_alu_accesses               59257                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                  32607159                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts     94187033                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                  759606310                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                          16                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_vec_insts                      59257                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads        1144977409                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes        576231455                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                 16                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_vec_register_reads             59465                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu11.num_vec_register_writes             4364                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu11.num_cc_register_reads         2490152682                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu11.num_cc_register_writes         612842439                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                    91859675                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                  50461484                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                 41398191                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles             15187034316447.140625                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles             2263782552.859662                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction               0.000149                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                   0.999851                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.Branches                       121956657                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu11.op_class::No_OpClass                 158      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IntAlu               748123439     88.27%     88.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IntMult                7569012      0.89%     89.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IntDiv                   11999      0.00%     89.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     89.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     89.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     89.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     89.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     89.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     89.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     89.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     89.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAdd                    490      0.00%     89.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     89.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAlu                   1006      0.00%     89.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdCmp                    632      0.00%     89.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     89.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdMisc                   493      0.00%     89.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     89.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     89.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     89.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     89.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     89.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     89.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     89.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     89.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     89.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     89.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatMisc             4140      0.00%     89.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     89.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     89.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     89.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead               50461484      5.95%     95.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite              41398175      4.88%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMemWrite               16      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::total                847571044                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         357.867881                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.total_refs          81928078                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         1103847                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.avg_refs           74.220502                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    7049627336029500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   357.867881                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.698961                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.698961                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          395                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          395                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.771484                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       164960003                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.data_accesses      164960003                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu11.data     39558952                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      39558952                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu11.data     41063231                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     41063231                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu11.data        48445                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        48445                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu11.data          754                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total          754                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu11.data        63225                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        63225                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu11.data        51007                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        51007                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::cpu11.data     80622937                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total       80622937                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::cpu11.data     80671382                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total      80671382                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu11.data       877454                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       877454                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu11.data       225481                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       225481                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu11.data         8873                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         8873                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu11.data        17519                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        17519                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu11.data         1116                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1116                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu11.data        12021                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        12021                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::cpu11.data      1120454                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total      1120454                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::cpu11.data      1129327                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total      1129327                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu11.data     40436406                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     40436406                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu11.data     41288712                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     41288712                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu11.data        57318                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        57318                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu11.data        18273                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        18273                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu11.data        64341                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        64341                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu11.data        63028                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        63028                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu11.data     81743391                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total     81743391                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu11.data     81800709                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total     81800709                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.021700                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021700                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.005461                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005461                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.154803                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.154803                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.958737                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.958737                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.017345                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.017345                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.190725                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.190725                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.013707                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.013707                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.013806                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.013806                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       674381                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total          674381                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements              1062482                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.icache.tags.tagsinuse         457.530533                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.tags.total_refs         756885287                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.tags.sampled_refs          351231                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.tags.avg_refs         2154.950124                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    7049627336024500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   457.530533                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.893614                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.893614                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu11.icache.tags.tag_accesses      1514121805                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu11.icache.tags.data_accesses     1514121805                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu11.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu11.inst    756534056                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     756534056                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::cpu11.inst    756534056                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total      756534056                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::cpu11.inst    756534056                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total     756534056                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu11.inst       351231                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       351231                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::cpu11.inst       351231                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total       351231                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::cpu11.inst       351231                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total       351231                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu11.inst    756885287                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    756885287                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::cpu11.inst    756885287                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total    756885287                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::cpu11.inst    756885287                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total    756885287                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu11.inst     0.000464                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000464                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu11.inst     0.000464                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000464                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu11.inst     0.000464                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000464                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.writebacks::writebacks       350719                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.icache.writebacks::total          350719                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.icache.replacements               350719                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walks                   32591                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walksLong               32591                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        32591                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         32591    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        32591                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples  -1317319520                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walksPending::0   -1317319520    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walksPending::total  -1317319520                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        32223     99.68%     99.68% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           40      0.12%     99.80% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G           65      0.20%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        32328                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        32591                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        32591                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        32328                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        32328                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        64919                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                   39703223                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                    27268                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                  40876119                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                    5323                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              2206                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    45                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                    268                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                   74                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                      57                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses               39730491                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses              40881442                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                        80579342                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                         32591                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                    80611933                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walks                   21711                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walksLong               21711                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        21711                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         21711    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        21711                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walksPending::samples  -1366500020                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walksPending::0   -1366500020    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walksPending::total  -1366500020                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        21661     99.93%     99.93% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           15      0.07%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        21676                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        21711                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        21711                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        21676                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        21676                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        43387                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                  770542183                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                    21711                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              2206                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    45                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                    252                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses              770563894                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                       770542183                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                         21711                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                   770563894                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numPwrStateTransitions              4559                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         2280                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   1114268525870.316162                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  13753893400504.984375                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          751     32.94%     32.94% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         1503     65.92%     98.86% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows           26      1.14%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 514249970605500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::total          2280                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  302936473971679                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 2540532238984321                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.numCycles                   19114605078802                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu12.kern.inst.quiesce                   2280                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                 770562527                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                   860849507                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.committedUserInsts             758966179                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses           771445668                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                   16                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_vec_alu_accesses               53611                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                  32490940                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts     95220209                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                  771445668                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                          16                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_vec_insts                      53611                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads        1163639485                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes        586824322                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                 16                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_vec_register_reads             53540                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu12.num_vec_register_writes              323                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu12.num_cc_register_reads         2542133839                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu12.num_cc_register_writes         628309437                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                    90615593                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                  49708761                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                 40906832                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles             19111711641743.371094                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles             2893437058.629117                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction               0.000151                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                   0.999849                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.Branches                       122991596                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu12.op_class::No_OpClass                   9      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IntAlu               762481297     88.57%     88.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IntMult                7738332      0.90%     89.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IntDiv                   11323      0.00%     89.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     89.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     89.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     89.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     89.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     89.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     89.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     89.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     89.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdAdd                     27      0.00%     89.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     89.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdAlu                     54      0.00%     89.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdCmp                     36      0.00%     89.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     89.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdMisc                    27      0.00%     89.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     89.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     89.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     89.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     89.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     89.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     89.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     89.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     89.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     89.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     89.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatMisc             4141      0.00%     89.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     89.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     89.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     89.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead               49708761      5.77%     95.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite              40906816      4.75%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMemWrite               16      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::total                860850839                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         351.383260                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.total_refs          80607213                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          936589                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.avg_refs           86.064659                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    7049629104079000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.data   351.383260                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.686295                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.686295                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          401                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          401                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.783203                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       162151399                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.data_accesses      162151399                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu12.data     38932235                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      38932235                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu12.data     40613382                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     40613382                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu12.data        27239                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        27239                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu12.data            3                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total            3                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu12.data        38441                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        38441                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu12.data        26690                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        26690                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::cpu12.data     79545620                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total       79545620                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::cpu12.data     79572859                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total      79572859                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu12.data       721726                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       721726                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu12.data       214513                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       214513                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu12.data         7651                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         7651                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu12.data        13014                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        13014                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu12.data         1066                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1066                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu12.data        11253                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        11253                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::cpu12.data       949253                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total       949253                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::cpu12.data       956904                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total       956904                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu12.data     39653961                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     39653961                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu12.data     40827895                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     40827895                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu12.data        34890                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        34890                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu12.data        13017                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        13017                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu12.data        39507                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        39507                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu12.data        37943                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        37943                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu12.data     80494873                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total     80494873                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu12.data     80529763                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total     80529763                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.018201                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.018201                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.005254                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005254                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.219289                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.219289                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.999770                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.999770                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.026983                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.026983                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.296576                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.296576                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.011793                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011793                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.011883                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011883                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       605228                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total          605228                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements               904829                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.icache.tags.tagsinuse         457.530215                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.tags.total_refs         770563859                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.tags.sampled_refs          301293                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.tags.avg_refs         2557.523271                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    7049629104074000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst   457.530215                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.893614                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.893614                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu12.icache.tags.tag_accesses      1541429011                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu12.icache.tags.data_accesses     1541429011                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu12.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu12.inst    770262566                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     770262566                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::cpu12.inst    770262566                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total      770262566                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::cpu12.inst    770262566                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total     770262566                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu12.inst       301293                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       301293                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::cpu12.inst       301293                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total       301293                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::cpu12.inst       301293                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total       301293                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu12.inst    770563859                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    770563859                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::cpu12.inst    770563859                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total    770563859                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::cpu12.inst    770563859                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total    770563859                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu12.inst     0.000391                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000391                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu12.inst     0.000391                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000391                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu12.inst     0.000391                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000391                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.writebacks::writebacks       300781                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.icache.writebacks::total          300781                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.icache.replacements               300781                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walks                   43858                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walksLong               43858                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        43858                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         43858    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        43858                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples    824199972                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walksPending::0     824199972    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walksPending::total    824199972                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        43335     99.24%     99.24% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          252      0.58%     99.82% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G           78      0.18%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        43665                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        43858                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        43858                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        43665                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        43665                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        87523                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                   40975847                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                    38987                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                  41871164                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                    4871                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              2206                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    45                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                    255                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                  494                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                      38                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses               41014834                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses              41876035                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                        82847011                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                         43858                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                    82890869                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walks                   49303                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walksLong               49303                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        49303                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         49303    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        49303                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walksPending::samples  -1661801528                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walksPending::0   -1661801528    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walksPending::total  -1661801528                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        49070     99.54%     99.54% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          228      0.46%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        49298                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        49303                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        49303                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        49298                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        49298                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        98601                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                  767310360                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                    49303                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              2206                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    45                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                    274                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses              767359663                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                       767310360                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                         49303                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                   767359663                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numPwrStateTransitions              4677                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         2339                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   1215493559680.669922                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  8946815109432.298828                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          622     26.59%     26.59% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         1662     71.06%     97.65% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows           55      2.35%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 85332409769192                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::total          2339                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  429276862913                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 2843039436093087                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.numCycles                   19152385892180                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu13.kern.inst.quiesce                   2339                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                 767357405                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                   858553078                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.committedUserInsts             750674842                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses           769056339                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                   16                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_vec_alu_accesses              236630                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                  32839345                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts     95550023                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                  769056339                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                          16                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_vec_insts                     236630                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads        1162923010                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes        583798762                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                 16                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_vec_register_reads            320542                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu13.num_vec_register_writes           161426                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu13.num_cc_register_reads         2508973926                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu13.num_cc_register_writes         615386579                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                    92782932                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                  50882200                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                 41900732                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles             19149494467384.605469                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles             2891424795.394817                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction               0.000151                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                   0.999849                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.Branches                       123847230                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu13.op_class::No_OpClass                7921      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IntAlu               757948346     88.28%     88.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IntMult                7653774      0.89%     89.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IntDiv                   17335      0.00%     89.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     89.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     89.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     89.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     89.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     89.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     89.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     89.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     89.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdAdd                  26446      0.00%     89.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     89.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdAlu                  56618      0.01%     89.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdCmp                  31684      0.00%     89.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     89.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdMisc                 26135      0.00%     89.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     89.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     89.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     89.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     89.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     89.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     89.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     89.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     89.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     89.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     89.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatMisc             4140      0.00%     89.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     89.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     89.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     89.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead               50882200      5.93%     95.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite              41900716      4.88%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMemWrite               16      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::total                858555331                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         422.217021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.total_refs          82886231                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         1082869                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.avg_refs           76.543175                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.data   422.217021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.824643                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.824643                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          448                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          448                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.875000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       166855331                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.data_accesses      166855331                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu13.data     40087294                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      40087294                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu13.data     41545233                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     41545233                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu13.data        35103                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        35103                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu13.data         1045                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         1045                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu13.data        57291                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        57291                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu13.data        47086                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        47086                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::cpu13.data     81633572                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total       81633572                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::cpu13.data     81668675                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total      81668675                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu13.data       821132                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       821132                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu13.data       251793                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       251793                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu13.data         9617                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         9617                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu13.data        18380                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        18380                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu13.data         1635                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1635                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu13.data        10622                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        10622                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::cpu13.data      1091305                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total      1091305                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::cpu13.data      1100922                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total      1100922                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu13.data     40908426                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     40908426                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu13.data     41797026                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     41797026                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu13.data        44720                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        44720                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu13.data        19425                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        19425                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu13.data        58926                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        58926                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu13.data        57708                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        57708                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu13.data     82724877                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total     82724877                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu13.data     82769597                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total     82769597                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.020072                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.020072                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.006024                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006024                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.215049                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.215049                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.946203                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.946203                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.027747                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.027747                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.184065                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.184065                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.013192                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.013192                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.013301                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.013301                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       678931                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total          678931                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements              1052388                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.icache.tags.tagsinuse         500.317238                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.tags.total_refs         767359658                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.tags.sampled_refs          583760                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.tags.avg_refs         1314.512228                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst   500.317238                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.977182                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.977182                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu13.icache.tags.tag_accesses      1535303076                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu13.icache.tags.data_accesses     1535303076                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu13.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu13.inst    766775898                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     766775898                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::cpu13.inst    766775898                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total      766775898                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::cpu13.inst    766775898                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total     766775898                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu13.inst       583760                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       583760                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::cpu13.inst       583760                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total       583760                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::cpu13.inst       583760                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total       583760                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu13.inst    767359658                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    767359658                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::cpu13.inst    767359658                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total    767359658                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::cpu13.inst    767359658                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total    767359658                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu13.inst     0.000761                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000761                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu13.inst     0.000761                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000761                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu13.inst     0.000761                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000761                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.writebacks::writebacks       583248                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.icache.writebacks::total          583248                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.icache.replacements               583248                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walks                  147038                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walksLong              147038                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples       147038                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0        147038    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total       147038                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples     15759648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walksPending::0      15759648    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walksPending::total     15759648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K       146517     99.78%     99.78% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          173      0.12%     99.90% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G          150      0.10%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total       146840                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data       147038                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total       147038                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data       146840                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total       146840                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total       293878                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                   76942073                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                   128774                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                  73957789                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                   18264                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              2206                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    45                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                    146                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                 4536                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       7                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses               77070847                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses              73976053                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                       150899862                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                        147038                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                   151046900                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walks                  679313                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walksLong              679313                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples       679313                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0        679313    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total       679313                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walksPending::samples     15759148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walksPending::0      15759148    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walksPending::total     15759148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K       677417     99.72%     99.72% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M         1889      0.28%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total       679306                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst       679313                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total       679313                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst       679306                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total       679306                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total      1358619                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                  916055852                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                   679313                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              2206                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    45                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                    186                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses              916735165                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                       916055852                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                        679313                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                   916735165                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numPwrStateTransitions             32532                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples        16266                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   174778562526.923950                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  2291090569065.288574                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows        14080     86.56%     86.56% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         2092     12.86%     99.42% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows           94      0.58%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 30235161808360                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::total         16266                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  520614893055                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 2842948098062945                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.numCycles                   19181183551741                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu14.kern.inst.quiesce                  16266                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                 916686691                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                  1041183200                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.committedUserInsts             754158197                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses           941101548                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                   16                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_vec_alu_accesses              473109                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                  47119849                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts    117935215                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                  941101548                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                          16                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_vec_insts                     473109                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads        1405869620                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes        714228910                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                 16                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_vec_register_reads            497673                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu14.num_vec_register_writes           248102                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu14.num_cc_register_reads         2498006766                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu14.num_cc_register_writes         635342152                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                   160816239                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                  86840390                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                 73975849                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles             19177671640536.855469                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles             3511911204.144778                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction               0.000183                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                   0.999817                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.Branches                       161623532                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu14.op_class::No_OpClass                9563      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IntAlu               872532405     83.80%     83.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IntMult                7672183      0.74%     84.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IntDiv                   38957      0.00%     84.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     84.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     84.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     84.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     84.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     84.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     84.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     84.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     84.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdAdd                  28599      0.00%     84.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     84.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdAlu                  59919      0.01%     84.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdCmp                  38252      0.00%     84.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     84.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdMisc                 31410      0.00%     84.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     84.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     84.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     84.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     84.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     84.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     84.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     84.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     84.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     84.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     84.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatMisc             4140      0.00%     84.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     84.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     84.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     84.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead               86840390      8.34%     92.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite              73975833      7.10%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMemWrite               16      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::total               1041231667                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         495.953782                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.total_refs         151039816                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         2760710                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.avg_refs           54.710497                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.data   495.953782                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.968660                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.968660                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          511                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          130                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          283                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           90                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       304840982                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.data_accesses      304840982                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu14.data     73557201                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      73557201                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu14.data     72464967                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     72464967                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu14.data       546773                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total       546773                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu14.data        24147                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total        24147                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu14.data       807923                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       807923                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu14.data       813535                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       813535                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::cpu14.data    146046315                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total      146046315                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::cpu14.data    146593088                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total     146593088                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu14.data      2023836                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      2023836                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu14.data       539746                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       539746                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu14.data       102348                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total       102348                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu14.data       107824                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total       107824                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu14.data        29371                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        29371                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu14.data        22145                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        22145                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::cpu14.data      2671406                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total      2671406                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::cpu14.data      2773754                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total      2773754                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu14.data     75581037                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     75581037                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu14.data     73004713                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     73004713                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu14.data       649121                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total       649121                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu14.data       131971                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total       131971                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu14.data       837294                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       837294                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu14.data       835680                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       835680                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu14.data    148717721                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total    148717721                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu14.data    149366842                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total    149366842                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.026777                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.026777                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.007393                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.007393                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.157672                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.157672                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.817028                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.817028                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.035078                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.035078                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.026499                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.026499                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.017963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.018570                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.018570                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      1538539                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total         1538539                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements              2700850                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.icache.tags.tagsinuse         511.616051                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.tags.total_refs         916735158                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.tags.sampled_refs         6817237                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.tags.avg_refs          134.473124                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst   511.616051                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.999250                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999250                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          354                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          149                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.tag_accesses      1840287553                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu14.icache.tags.data_accesses     1840287553                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu14.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu14.inst    909917921                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     909917921                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::cpu14.inst    909917921                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total      909917921                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::cpu14.inst    909917921                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total     909917921                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu14.inst      6817237                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      6817237                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::cpu14.inst      6817237                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total      6817237                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::cpu14.inst      6817237                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total      6817237                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu14.inst    916735158                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    916735158                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::cpu14.inst    916735158                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total    916735158                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::cpu14.inst    916735158                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total    916735158                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu14.inst     0.007436                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.007436                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu14.inst     0.007436                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.007436                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu14.inst     0.007436                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.007436                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.writebacks::writebacks      6816725                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.icache.writebacks::total         6816725                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.icache.replacements              6816725                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walks                   36593                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walksLong               36593                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        36593                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         36593    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        36593                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples   -315558908                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walksPending::0    -315558908    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walksPending::total   -315558908                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        36100     99.53%     99.53% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           92      0.25%     99.78% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G           79      0.22%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        36271                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        36593                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        36593                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        36271                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        36271                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        72864                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                   40332707                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                    30913                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                  41291506                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                    5680                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              2206                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    45                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                    355                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                  202                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                      76                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses               40363620                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses              41297186                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                        81624213                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                         36593                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                    81660806                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walks                   25675                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walksLong               25675                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        25675                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         25675    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        25675                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walksPending::samples     16101648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walksPending::0      16101648    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walksPending::total     16101648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        25540     99.69%     99.69% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           80      0.31%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        25620                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        25675                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        25675                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        25620                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        25620                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        51295                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                  773165764                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                    25675                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              2206                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    45                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                    385                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses              773191439                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                       773165764                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                         25675                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                   773191439                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numPwrStateTransitions              4555                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         2278                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   1248040717577.631592                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  43267420781374.812500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          725     31.83%     31.83% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         1543     67.73%     99.56% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows           10      0.44%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 1995942719056000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::total          2278                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  431958314155                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 2843036754641845                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.numCycles                   15189298099640                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu15.kern.inst.quiesce                   2278                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                 773189684                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                   863916379                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.committedUserInsts             760408928                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses           774286200                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                   16                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_vec_alu_accesses               90287                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                  32628176                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts     95622589                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                  774286200                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                          16                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_vec_insts                      90287                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads        1167454224                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes        589068874                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                 16                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_vec_register_reads            106145                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu15.num_vec_register_writes            31854                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu15.num_cc_register_reads         2542864447                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu15.num_cc_register_writes         628975568                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                    91662271                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                  50339823                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                 41322448                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles             15186990656122.675781                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles             2307443517.324463                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction               0.000152                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                   0.999848                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.Branches                       123568117                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu15.op_class::No_OpClass                1556      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IntAlu               764464708     88.49%     88.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IntMult                7745026      0.90%     89.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IntDiv                   12888      0.00%     89.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     89.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     89.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     89.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     89.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     89.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     89.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     89.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     89.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdAdd                   5173      0.00%     89.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     89.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdAlu                  10903      0.00%     89.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdCmp                   6224      0.00%     89.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     89.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdMisc                  5189      0.00%     89.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     89.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     89.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     89.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     89.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     89.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     89.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     89.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     89.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     89.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     89.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatMisc             4141      0.00%     89.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     89.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     89.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     89.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead               50339823      5.83%     95.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite              41322432      4.78%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMemWrite               16      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::total                863918079                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         419.517411                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.total_refs          81656060                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          916283                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.avg_refs           89.116638                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.data   419.517411                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.819370                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.819370                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          430                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          430                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.839844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       164228659                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.data_accesses      164228659                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu15.data     39564298                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      39564298                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu15.data     41016261                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     41016261                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu15.data        36196                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        36196                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu15.data          396                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total          396                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu15.data        50559                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        50559                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu15.data        38357                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        38357                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::cpu15.data     80580955                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total       80580955                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::cpu15.data     80617151                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total      80617151                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu15.data       701345                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       701345                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu15.data       211038                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       211038                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu15.data         7676                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         7676                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu15.data        16673                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        16673                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu15.data         1241                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1241                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu15.data        12020                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        12020                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::cpu15.data       929056                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total       929056                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::cpu15.data       936732                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total       936732                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu15.data     40265643                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     40265643                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu15.data     41227299                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     41227299                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu15.data        43872                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        43872                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu15.data        17069                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        17069                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu15.data        51800                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        51800                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu15.data        50377                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        50377                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu15.data     81510011                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total     81510011                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu15.data     81553883                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total     81553883                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.017418                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.017418                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.005119                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005119                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.174964                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.174964                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.976800                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.976800                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.023958                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.023958                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.238601                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.238601                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.011398                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011398                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.011486                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011486                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       595274                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total          595274                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements               883903                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.icache.tags.tagsinuse         506.869140                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.tags.total_refs         773191384                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.tags.sampled_refs          356790                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.tags.avg_refs         2167.076947                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst   506.869140                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.989979                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.989979                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu15.icache.tags.tag_accesses      1546739558                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu15.icache.tags.data_accesses     1546739558                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu15.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu15.inst    772834594                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     772834594                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::cpu15.inst    772834594                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total      772834594                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::cpu15.inst    772834594                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total     772834594                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu15.inst       356790                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       356790                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::cpu15.inst       356790                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total       356790                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::cpu15.inst       356790                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total       356790                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu15.inst    773191384                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    773191384                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::cpu15.inst    773191384                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total    773191384                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::cpu15.inst    773191384                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total    773191384                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu15.inst     0.000461                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000461                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu15.inst     0.000461                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000461                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu15.inst     0.000461                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000461                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.writebacks::writebacks       356278                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.icache.writebacks::total          356278                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.icache.replacements               356278                       # number of replacements
system.iobus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 4714                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                4714                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               10732                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              10732                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart0.pio        10860                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pci_ide.pio         2912                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.viopci.pio          880                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total        14652                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pci_ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        16240                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pci_ide.dma::total        16240                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   30892                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart0.pio        10860                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pci_ide.pio         1624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.viopci.pio          660                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total        13144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pci_ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side       512960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pci_ide.dma::total       512960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                   526104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse               14.297875                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                   8120                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                 8120                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        1                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle         7049619253059001                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::pci_ide     14.297875                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::pci_ide     0.893617                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.893617                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                73080                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses               73080                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pci_ide           1016                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total             1016                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::pci_ide         7104                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total         7104                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::pci_ide            8120                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total              8120                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::pci_ide           8120                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total             8120                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pci_ide         1016                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total           1016                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::pci_ide         7104                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total         7104                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::pci_ide          8120                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total            8120                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::pci_ide         8120                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total           8120                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pci_ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::pci_ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pci_ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pci_ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks            7072                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                 7072                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.replacements                      8104                       # number of replacements
system.l20.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l20.tags.tagsinuse                14944.748379                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l20.tags.total_refs                   17478518                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l20.tags.sampled_refs                  1651209                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l20.tags.avg_refs                    10.585285                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l20.tags.warmup_cycle             6747123054781500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    1102.457765                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.dtb.walker    51.437651                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.itb.walker    38.551958                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst    1981.276179                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    2287.161551                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.dtb.walker     9.118317                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.itb.walker     7.457680                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst     325.924604                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.data     583.929569                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.dtb.walker    56.594407                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.itb.walker    43.343117                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst    1637.404206                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    2149.684079                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.dtb.walker    16.885864                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.itb.walker    27.387643                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst     780.517258                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    3845.616532                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::writebacks      0.067289                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.dtb.walker     0.003140                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.itb.walker     0.002353                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.inst      0.120928                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.data      0.139597                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.dtb.walker     0.000557                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.itb.walker     0.000455                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.inst      0.019893                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.data      0.035640                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.dtb.walker     0.003454                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.itb.walker     0.002645                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.inst      0.099939                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.data      0.131206                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.dtb.walker     0.001031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.itb.walker     0.001672                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.inst      0.047639                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.data      0.234718                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::total           0.912155                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          278                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l20.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        15672                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l20.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l20.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          276                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l20.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          116                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l20.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          132                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l20.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        15424                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l20.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.016968                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l20.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.956543                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l20.tags.tag_accesses                 37018991                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l20.tags.data_accesses                37018991                       # Number of data accesses
system.l20.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l20.ReadReq_hits::cpu00.dtb.walker       246171                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l20.ReadReq_hits::cpu00.itb.walker       270031                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l20.ReadReq_hits::cpu01.dtb.walker       109213                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l20.ReadReq_hits::cpu01.itb.walker        64402                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l20.ReadReq_hits::cpu02.dtb.walker       357621                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l20.ReadReq_hits::cpu02.itb.walker       586888                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l20.ReadReq_hits::cpu03.dtb.walker       116116                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l20.ReadReq_hits::cpu03.itb.walker        93215                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l20.ReadReq_hits::total                1843657                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l20.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      3174930                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l20.WritebackDirty_hits::total         3174930                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l20.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks      2233165                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l20.WritebackClean_hits::total         2233165                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l20.WriteClean_hits::writebacks            615                       # number of WriteClean hits
system.l20.WriteClean_hits::total                 615                       # number of WriteClean hits
system.l20.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu00.data           2606                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l20.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu01.data           6831                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l20.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu02.data           3338                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l20.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu03.data           5514                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l20.UpgradeReq_hits::total               18289                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu00.data          381                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu01.data          347                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu02.data          478                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu03.data          385                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total              1591                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l20.ReadExReq_hits::cpu00.data          128193                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l20.ReadExReq_hits::cpu01.data           95357                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l20.ReadExReq_hits::cpu02.data          173732                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l20.ReadExReq_hits::cpu03.data          122325                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l20.ReadExReq_hits::total               519607                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu00.inst       965431                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu01.inst       289291                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu02.inst      1869326                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu03.inst       425169                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_hits::total           3549217                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu00.data       905897                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu01.data       606660                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu02.data      1010527                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu03.data       635709                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          3158793                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l20.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu00.data        11982                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l20.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu02.data        36877                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l20.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu03.data         1504                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l20.InvalidateReq_hits::total            50363                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu00.dtb.walker       246171                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu00.itb.walker       270031                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu00.inst             965431                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu00.data            1034090                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu01.dtb.walker       109213                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu01.itb.walker        64402                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu01.inst             289291                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu01.data             702017                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu02.dtb.walker       357621                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu02.itb.walker       586888                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu02.inst            1869326                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu02.data            1184259                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu03.dtb.walker       116116                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu03.itb.walker        93215                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu03.inst             425169                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu03.data             758034                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::total                 9071274                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu00.dtb.walker       246171                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu00.itb.walker       270031                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu00.inst            965431                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu00.data           1034090                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu01.dtb.walker       109213                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu01.itb.walker        64402                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu01.inst            289291                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu01.data            702017                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu02.dtb.walker       357621                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu02.itb.walker       586888                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu02.inst           1869326                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu02.data           1184259                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu03.dtb.walker       116116                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu03.itb.walker        93215                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu03.inst            425169                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu03.data            758034                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::total                9071274                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.ReadReq_misses::cpu00.dtb.walker         3232                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l20.ReadReq_misses::cpu00.itb.walker         1102                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l20.ReadReq_misses::cpu01.dtb.walker         1716                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l20.ReadReq_misses::cpu01.itb.walker          476                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l20.ReadReq_misses::cpu02.dtb.walker         2668                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l20.ReadReq_misses::cpu02.itb.walker         1480                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l20.ReadReq_misses::cpu03.dtb.walker         2278                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l20.ReadReq_misses::cpu03.itb.walker          590                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l20.ReadReq_misses::total                13542                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l20.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu00.data        29854                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l20.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu01.data         8327                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l20.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu02.data        17663                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l20.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu03.data        14946                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l20.UpgradeReq_misses::total             70790                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu00.data        16495                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu01.data         7531                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu02.data        20163                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu03.data        10054                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           54243                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l20.ReadExReq_misses::cpu00.data        110977                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l20.ReadExReq_misses::cpu01.data         86633                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l20.ReadExReq_misses::cpu02.data        100044                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l20.ReadExReq_misses::cpu03.data         91167                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l20.ReadExReq_misses::total             388821                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu00.inst        47421                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu01.inst        11025                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu02.inst        73039                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu03.inst        21492                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          152977                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu00.data       236107                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu01.data       165279                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu02.data       206626                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu03.data       183743                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         791755                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l20.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu00.data        20072                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l20.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu01.data        12352                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l20.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu02.data        20998                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l20.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu03.data        97994                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l20.InvalidateReq_misses::total         151416                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu00.dtb.walker         3232                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu00.itb.walker         1102                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu00.inst            47421                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu00.data           347084                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu01.dtb.walker         1716                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu01.itb.walker          476                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu01.inst            11025                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu01.data           251912                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu02.dtb.walker         2668                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu02.itb.walker         1480                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu02.inst            73039                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu02.data           306670                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu03.dtb.walker         2278                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu03.itb.walker          590                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu03.inst            21492                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu03.data           274910                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::total               1347095                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu00.dtb.walker         3232                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu00.itb.walker         1102                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu00.inst           47421                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu00.data          347084                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu01.dtb.walker         1716                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu01.itb.walker          476                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu01.inst           11025                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu01.data          251912                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu02.dtb.walker         2668                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu02.itb.walker         1480                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu02.inst           73039                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu02.data          306670                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu03.dtb.walker         2278                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu03.itb.walker          590                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu03.inst           21492                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu03.data          274910                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::total              1347095                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.ReadReq_accesses::cpu00.dtb.walker       249403                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadReq_accesses::cpu00.itb.walker       271133                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadReq_accesses::cpu01.dtb.walker       110929                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadReq_accesses::cpu01.itb.walker        64878                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadReq_accesses::cpu02.dtb.walker       360289                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadReq_accesses::cpu02.itb.walker       588368                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadReq_accesses::cpu03.dtb.walker       118394                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadReq_accesses::cpu03.itb.walker        93805                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadReq_accesses::total            1857199                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      3174930                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      3174930                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks      2233165                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.WritebackClean_accesses::total      2233165                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.WriteClean_accesses::writebacks          615                       # number of WriteClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.WriteClean_accesses::total             615                       # number of WriteClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu00.data        32460                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu01.data        15158                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu02.data        21001                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu03.data        20460                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           89079                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu00.data        16876                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu01.data         7878                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu02.data        20641                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu03.data        10439                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         55834                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu00.data       239170                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu01.data       181990                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu02.data       273776                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu03.data       213492                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadExReq_accesses::total           908428                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu00.inst      1012852                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu01.inst       300316                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu02.inst      1942365                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu03.inst       446661                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       3702194                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu00.data      1142004                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu01.data       771939                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu02.data      1217153                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu03.data       819452                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      3950548                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu00.data        32054                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu01.data        12352                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu02.data        57875                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu03.data        99498                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.InvalidateReq_accesses::total       201779                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu00.dtb.walker       249403                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu00.itb.walker       271133                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu00.inst        1012852                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu00.data        1381174                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu01.dtb.walker       110929                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu01.itb.walker        64878                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu01.inst         300316                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu01.data         953929                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu02.dtb.walker       360289                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu02.itb.walker       588368                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu02.inst        1942365                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu02.data        1490929                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu03.dtb.walker       118394                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu03.itb.walker        93805                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu03.inst         446661                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu03.data        1032944                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::total            10418369                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu00.dtb.walker       249403                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu00.itb.walker       271133                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu00.inst       1012852                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu00.data       1381174                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu01.dtb.walker       110929                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu01.itb.walker        64878                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu01.inst        300316                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu01.data        953929                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu02.dtb.walker       360289                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu02.itb.walker       588368                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu02.inst       1942365                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu02.data       1490929                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu03.dtb.walker       118394                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu03.itb.walker        93805                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu03.inst        446661                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu03.data       1032944                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::total           10418369                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu00.dtb.walker     0.012959                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l20.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu00.itb.walker     0.004064                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l20.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu01.dtb.walker     0.015469                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l20.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu01.itb.walker     0.007337                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l20.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu02.dtb.walker     0.007405                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l20.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu02.itb.walker     0.002515                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l20.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu03.dtb.walker     0.019241                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l20.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu03.itb.walker     0.006290                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l20.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.007292                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l20.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.919717                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l20.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.549347                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l20.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.841055                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l20.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.730499                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l20.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.794688                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.977424                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.955953                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.976842                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.963119                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.971505                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l20.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.464009                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l20.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.476032                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l20.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.365423                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l20.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.427028                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l20.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.428015                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.046819                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu01.inst     0.036711                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu02.inst     0.037603                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu03.inst     0.048117                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.041321                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.206748                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.214109                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.169762                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.224227                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.200416                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l20.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.626193                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l20.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l20.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.362816                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l20.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.984884                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l20.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.750405                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu00.dtb.walker     0.012959                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu00.itb.walker     0.004064                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu00.inst      0.046819                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu00.data      0.251296                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu01.dtb.walker     0.015469                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu01.itb.walker     0.007337                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu01.inst      0.036711                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu01.data      0.264078                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu02.dtb.walker     0.007405                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu02.itb.walker     0.002515                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu02.inst      0.037603                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu02.data      0.205691                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu03.dtb.walker     0.019241                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu03.itb.walker     0.006290                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu03.inst      0.048117                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu03.data      0.266142                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::total           0.129300                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu00.dtb.walker     0.012959                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu00.itb.walker     0.004064                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.046819                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.251296                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu01.dtb.walker     0.015469                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu01.itb.walker     0.007337                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu01.inst     0.036711                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.264078                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu02.dtb.walker     0.007405                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu02.itb.walker     0.002515                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu02.inst     0.037603                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.205691                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu03.dtb.walker     0.019241                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu03.itb.walker     0.006290                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu03.inst     0.048117                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.266142                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::total          0.129300                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l20.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l20.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l20.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l20.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l20.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l20.writebacks::writebacks              709566                       # number of writebacks
system.l20.writebacks::total                   709566                       # number of writebacks
system.l20.replacements                       1409651                       # number of replacements
system.l21.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l21.tags.tagsinuse                14253.295895                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l21.tags.total_refs                   10111465                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l21.tags.sampled_refs                  1086553                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l21.tags.avg_refs                     9.306003                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l21.tags.warmup_cycle             6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    1115.664839                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.dtb.walker    16.732347                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.itb.walker    22.796282                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst     702.461044                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    2943.562391                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu05.dtb.walker    15.511293                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu05.itb.walker     8.563814                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst     476.891137                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    2412.248597                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.dtb.walker     7.918563                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.itb.walker     1.660110                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst     269.757093                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    2654.239626                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.dtb.walker    17.771931                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.itb.walker    19.747874                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst     841.095124                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    2726.673830                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::writebacks      0.068095                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.dtb.walker     0.001021                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.itb.walker     0.001391                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.inst      0.042875                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.data      0.179661                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu05.dtb.walker     0.000947                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu05.itb.walker     0.000523                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu05.inst      0.029107                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu05.data      0.147232                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.dtb.walker     0.000483                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.itb.walker     0.000101                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.inst      0.016465                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.data      0.162002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.dtb.walker     0.001085                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.itb.walker     0.001205                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.inst      0.051336                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.data      0.166423                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::total           0.869952                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           89                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l21.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        15855                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l21.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           89                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l21.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        15855                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l21.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.005432                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l21.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.967712                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l21.tags.tag_accesses                 21491381                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l21.tags.data_accesses                21491381                       # Number of data accesses
system.l21.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l21.ReadReq_hits::cpu04.dtb.walker        89985                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l21.ReadReq_hits::cpu04.itb.walker       105104                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l21.ReadReq_hits::cpu05.dtb.walker        93317                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l21.ReadReq_hits::cpu05.itb.walker        66238                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l21.ReadReq_hits::cpu06.dtb.walker       100654                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l21.ReadReq_hits::cpu06.itb.walker        68946                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l21.ReadReq_hits::cpu07.dtb.walker        86618                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l21.ReadReq_hits::cpu07.itb.walker        67209                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l21.ReadReq_hits::total                 678071                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l21.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      2536251                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l21.WritebackDirty_hits::total         2536251                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l21.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       507127                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l21.WritebackClean_hits::total          507127                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l21.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu04.data           3754                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l21.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu05.data           6141                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l21.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu06.data           6739                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l21.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu07.data           3345                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l21.UpgradeReq_hits::total               19979                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu04.data          168                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu05.data          247                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu06.data          175                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu07.data          139                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total               729                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l21.ReadExReq_hits::cpu04.data          116896                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l21.ReadExReq_hits::cpu05.data          102363                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l21.ReadExReq_hits::cpu06.data          102401                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l21.ReadExReq_hits::cpu07.data           98042                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l21.ReadExReq_hits::total               419702                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu04.inst       422523                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu05.inst       300800                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu06.inst       307554                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu07.inst       311854                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_hits::total           1342731                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu04.data       613504                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu05.data       646824                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu06.data       600837                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu07.data       633672                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          2494837                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l21.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu04.data         2963                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l21.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu05.data          634                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l21.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu06.data          896                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l21.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu07.data         1085                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l21.InvalidateReq_hits::total             5578                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu04.dtb.walker        89985                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu04.itb.walker       105104                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu04.inst             422523                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu04.data             730400                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu05.dtb.walker        93317                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu05.itb.walker        66238                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu05.inst             300800                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu05.data             749187                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu06.dtb.walker       100654                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu06.itb.walker        68946                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu06.inst             307554                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu06.data             703238                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu07.dtb.walker        86618                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu07.itb.walker        67209                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu07.inst             311854                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu07.data             731714                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::total                 4935341                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu04.dtb.walker        89985                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu04.itb.walker       105104                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu04.inst            422523                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu04.data            730400                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu05.dtb.walker        93317                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu05.itb.walker        66238                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu05.inst            300800                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu05.data            749187                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu06.dtb.walker       100654                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu06.itb.walker        68946                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu06.inst            307554                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu06.data            703238                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu07.dtb.walker        86618                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu07.itb.walker        67209                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu07.inst            311854                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu07.data            731714                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::total                4935341                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.ReadReq_misses::cpu04.dtb.walker         3011                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l21.ReadReq_misses::cpu04.itb.walker         1448                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l21.ReadReq_misses::cpu05.dtb.walker         2873                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l21.ReadReq_misses::cpu05.itb.walker          657                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l21.ReadReq_misses::cpu06.dtb.walker         2289                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l21.ReadReq_misses::cpu06.itb.walker          379                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l21.ReadReq_misses::cpu07.dtb.walker         1918                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l21.ReadReq_misses::cpu07.itb.walker          373                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l21.ReadReq_misses::total                12948                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l21.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu04.data        10035                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l21.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu05.data         9148                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l21.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu06.data        10261                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l21.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu07.data        11198                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l21.UpgradeReq_misses::total             40642                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu04.data         8588                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu05.data         7209                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu06.data         8636                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu07.data         8482                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           32915                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l21.ReadExReq_misses::cpu04.data         86218                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l21.ReadExReq_misses::cpu05.data         85824                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l21.ReadExReq_misses::cpu06.data         81995                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l21.ReadExReq_misses::cpu07.data         87207                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l21.ReadExReq_misses::total             341244                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu04.inst        22122                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu05.inst         9918                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu06.inst        10476                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu07.inst        10791                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_misses::total           53307                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu04.data       142862                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu05.data       134568                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu06.data       139003                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu07.data       136008                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         552441                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l21.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu04.data        13933                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l21.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu05.data        12704                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l21.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu06.data        14367                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l21.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu07.data        13726                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l21.InvalidateReq_misses::total          54730                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu04.dtb.walker         3011                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu04.itb.walker         1448                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu04.inst            22122                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu04.data           229080                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu05.dtb.walker         2873                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu05.itb.walker          657                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu05.inst             9918                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu05.data           220392                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu06.dtb.walker         2289                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu06.itb.walker          379                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu06.inst            10476                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu06.data           220998                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu07.dtb.walker         1918                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu07.itb.walker          373                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu07.inst            10791                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu07.data           223215                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::total                959940                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu04.dtb.walker         3011                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu04.itb.walker         1448                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu04.inst           22122                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu04.data          229080                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu05.dtb.walker         2873                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu05.itb.walker          657                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu05.inst            9918                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu05.data          220392                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu06.dtb.walker         2289                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu06.itb.walker          379                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu06.inst           10476                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu06.data          220998                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu07.dtb.walker         1918                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu07.itb.walker          373                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu07.inst           10791                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu07.data          223215                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::total               959940                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.ReadReq_accesses::cpu04.dtb.walker        92996                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadReq_accesses::cpu04.itb.walker       106552                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadReq_accesses::cpu05.dtb.walker        96190                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadReq_accesses::cpu05.itb.walker        66895                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadReq_accesses::cpu06.dtb.walker       102943                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadReq_accesses::cpu06.itb.walker        69325                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadReq_accesses::cpu07.dtb.walker        88536                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadReq_accesses::cpu07.itb.walker        67582                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadReq_accesses::total             691019                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      2536251                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      2536251                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       507127                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.WritebackClean_accesses::total       507127                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu04.data        13789                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu05.data        15289                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu06.data        17000                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu07.data        14543                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           60621                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu04.data         8756                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu05.data         7456                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu06.data         8811                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu07.data         8621                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         33644                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu04.data       203114                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu05.data       188187                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu06.data       184396                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu07.data       185249                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadExReq_accesses::total           760946                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu04.inst       444645                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu05.inst       310718                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu06.inst       318030                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu07.inst       322645                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       1396038                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu04.data       756366                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu05.data       781392                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu06.data       739840                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu07.data       769680                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      3047278                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu04.data        16896                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu05.data        13338                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu06.data        15263                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu07.data        14811                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.InvalidateReq_accesses::total        60308                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu04.dtb.walker        92996                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu04.itb.walker       106552                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu04.inst         444645                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu04.data         959480                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu05.dtb.walker        96190                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu05.itb.walker        66895                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu05.inst         310718                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu05.data         969579                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu06.dtb.walker       102943                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu06.itb.walker        69325                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu06.inst         318030                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu06.data         924236                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu07.dtb.walker        88536                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu07.itb.walker        67582                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu07.inst         322645                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu07.data         954929                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::total             5895281                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu04.dtb.walker        92996                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu04.itb.walker       106552                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu04.inst        444645                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu04.data        959480                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu05.dtb.walker        96190                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu05.itb.walker        66895                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu05.inst        310718                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu05.data        969579                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu06.dtb.walker       102943                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu06.itb.walker        69325                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu06.inst        318030                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu06.data        924236                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu07.dtb.walker        88536                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu07.itb.walker        67582                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu07.inst        322645                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu07.data        954929                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::total            5895281                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu04.dtb.walker     0.032378                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l21.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu04.itb.walker     0.013590                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l21.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu05.dtb.walker     0.029868                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l21.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu05.itb.walker     0.009821                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l21.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu06.dtb.walker     0.022236                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l21.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu06.itb.walker     0.005467                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l21.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu07.dtb.walker     0.021664                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l21.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu07.itb.walker     0.005519                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l21.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.018738                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l21.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.727754                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l21.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.598339                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l21.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.603588                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l21.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.769992                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l21.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.670428                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.980813                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.966872                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.980138                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.983877                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.978332                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l21.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.424481                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l21.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.456057                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l21.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.444668                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l21.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.470756                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l21.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.448447                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu04.inst     0.049752                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu05.inst     0.031920                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu06.inst     0.032940                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu07.inst     0.033445                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.038184                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.188879                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.172216                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.187883                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.176707                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.181290                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l21.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.824633                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l21.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.952467                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l21.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.941296                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l21.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.926744                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l21.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.907508                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu04.dtb.walker     0.032378                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu04.itb.walker     0.013590                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu04.inst      0.049752                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu04.data      0.238754                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu05.dtb.walker     0.029868                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu05.itb.walker     0.009821                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu05.inst      0.031920                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu05.data      0.227307                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu06.dtb.walker     0.022236                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu06.itb.walker     0.005467                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu06.inst      0.032940                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu06.data      0.239114                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu07.dtb.walker     0.021664                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu07.itb.walker     0.005519                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu07.inst      0.033445                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu07.data      0.233750                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::total           0.162832                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu04.dtb.walker     0.032378                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu04.itb.walker     0.013590                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu04.inst     0.049752                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.238754                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu05.dtb.walker     0.029868                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu05.itb.walker     0.009821                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu05.inst     0.031920                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.227307                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu06.dtb.walker     0.022236                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu06.itb.walker     0.005467                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu06.inst     0.032940                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.239114                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu07.dtb.walker     0.021664                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu07.itb.walker     0.005519                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu07.inst     0.033445                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.233750                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::total          0.162832                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l21.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l21.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l21.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l21.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l21.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l21.writebacks::writebacks              519517                       # number of writebacks
system.l21.writebacks::total                   519517                       # number of writebacks
system.l21.replacements                        981180                       # number of replacements
system.l22.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l22.tags.tagsinuse                13979.742195                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l22.tags.total_refs                   10204367                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l22.tags.sampled_refs                  1187940                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l22.tags.avg_refs                     8.589968                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l22.tags.warmup_cycle             6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    1134.573422                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.dtb.walker    10.720467                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.itb.walker    17.129486                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst     416.592636                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    2360.375263                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.dtb.walker    18.992272                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.itb.walker    11.787254                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst     646.451623                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    3037.621910                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu10.dtb.walker    13.334045                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu10.itb.walker    16.847624                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst     519.266305                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    2570.224910                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.dtb.walker     9.559586                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.itb.walker     5.937184                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst     499.177158                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    2691.151049                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::writebacks      0.069249                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.dtb.walker     0.000654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.itb.walker     0.001046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.inst      0.025427                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.data      0.144066                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.dtb.walker     0.001159                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.itb.walker     0.000719                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.inst      0.039456                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.data      0.185402                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu10.dtb.walker     0.000814                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu10.itb.walker     0.001028                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu10.inst      0.031694                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu10.data      0.156874                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.dtb.walker     0.000583                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.itb.walker     0.000362                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.inst      0.030467                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.data      0.164255                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::total           0.853256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           90                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l22.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        15762                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l22.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           90                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l22.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        15762                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l22.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.005493                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l22.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.962036                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l22.tags.tag_accesses                 21777368                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l22.tags.data_accesses                21777368                       # Number of data accesses
system.l22.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l22.ReadReq_hits::cpu08.dtb.walker        94976                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l22.ReadReq_hits::cpu08.itb.walker        90950                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l22.ReadReq_hits::cpu09.dtb.walker       116266                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l22.ReadReq_hits::cpu09.itb.walker        71344                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l22.ReadReq_hits::cpu10.dtb.walker        67138                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l22.ReadReq_hits::cpu10.itb.walker        27210                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l22.ReadReq_hits::cpu11.dtb.walker       116879                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l22.ReadReq_hits::cpu11.itb.walker        75852                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l22.ReadReq_hits::total                 660615                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l22.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      2559719                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l22.WritebackDirty_hits::total         2559719                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l22.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       517832                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l22.WritebackClean_hits::total          517832                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l22.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu08.data           5295                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l22.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu09.data           5221                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l22.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu10.data            604                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l22.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu11.data           2342                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l22.UpgradeReq_hits::total               13462                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu08.data          354                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu09.data          425                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu10.data          170                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu11.data          249                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total              1198                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l22.ReadExReq_hits::cpu08.data           94309                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l22.ReadExReq_hits::cpu09.data          108044                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l22.ReadExReq_hits::cpu10.data          103301                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l22.ReadExReq_hits::cpu11.data          100425                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l22.ReadExReq_hits::total               406079                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu08.inst       395675                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu09.inst       347928                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu10.inst       205299                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu11.inst       334415                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_hits::total           1283317                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu08.data       621436                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu09.data       664856                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu10.data       499278                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu11.data       698241                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          2483811                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l22.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu08.data          793                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l22.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu09.data         1168                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l22.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu11.data         2318                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l22.InvalidateReq_hits::total             4279                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu08.dtb.walker        94976                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu08.itb.walker        90950                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu08.inst             395675                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu08.data             715745                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu09.dtb.walker       116266                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu09.itb.walker        71344                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu09.inst             347928                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu09.data             772900                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu10.dtb.walker        67138                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu10.itb.walker        27210                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu10.inst             205299                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu10.data             602579                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu11.dtb.walker       116879                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu11.itb.walker        75852                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu11.inst             334415                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu11.data             798666                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::total                 4833822                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu08.dtb.walker        94976                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu08.itb.walker        90950                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu08.inst            395675                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu08.data            715745                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu09.dtb.walker       116266                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu09.itb.walker        71344                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu09.inst            347928                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu09.data            772900                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu10.dtb.walker        67138                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu10.itb.walker        27210                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu10.inst            205299                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu10.data            602579                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu11.dtb.walker       116879                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu11.itb.walker        75852                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu11.inst            334415                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu11.data            798666                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::total                4833822                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.ReadReq_misses::cpu08.dtb.walker         2026                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l22.ReadReq_misses::cpu08.itb.walker         1484                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l22.ReadReq_misses::cpu09.dtb.walker         2712                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l22.ReadReq_misses::cpu09.itb.walker          700                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l22.ReadReq_misses::cpu10.dtb.walker         1960                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l22.ReadReq_misses::cpu10.itb.walker          505                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l22.ReadReq_misses::cpu11.dtb.walker         2792                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l22.ReadReq_misses::cpu11.itb.walker          600                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l22.ReadReq_misses::total                12779                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l22.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu08.data        12439                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l22.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu09.data        12962                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l22.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu10.data        14524                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l22.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu11.data        21879                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l22.UpgradeReq_misses::total             61804                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu08.data         8005                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu09.data         8662                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu10.data         6631                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu11.data        10225                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           33523                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l22.ReadExReq_misses::cpu08.data         97899                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l22.ReadExReq_misses::cpu09.data         92286                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l22.ReadExReq_misses::cpu10.data         86831                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l22.ReadExReq_misses::cpu11.data         96622                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l22.ReadExReq_misses::total             373638                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu08.inst        23796                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu09.inst        16394                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu10.inst         9484                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu11.inst        16816                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_misses::total           66490                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu08.data       150366                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu09.data       150505                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu10.data       137229                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu11.data       171985                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         610085                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l22.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu08.data        21930                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l22.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu09.data        13645                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l22.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu10.data         8960                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l22.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu11.data        15124                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l22.InvalidateReq_misses::total          59659                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu08.dtb.walker         2026                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu08.itb.walker         1484                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu08.inst            23796                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu08.data           248265                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu09.dtb.walker         2712                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu09.itb.walker          700                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu09.inst            16394                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu09.data           242791                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu10.dtb.walker         1960                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu10.itb.walker          505                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu10.inst             9484                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu10.data           224060                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu11.dtb.walker         2792                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu11.itb.walker          600                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu11.inst            16816                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu11.data           268607                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::total               1062992                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu08.dtb.walker         2026                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu08.itb.walker         1484                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu08.inst           23796                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu08.data          248265                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu09.dtb.walker         2712                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu09.itb.walker          700                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu09.inst           16394                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu09.data          242791                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu10.dtb.walker         1960                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu10.itb.walker          505                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu10.inst            9484                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu10.data          224060                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu11.dtb.walker         2792                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu11.itb.walker          600                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu11.inst           16816                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu11.data          268607                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::total              1062992                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.ReadReq_accesses::cpu08.dtb.walker        97002                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadReq_accesses::cpu08.itb.walker        92434                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadReq_accesses::cpu09.dtb.walker       118978                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadReq_accesses::cpu09.itb.walker        72044                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadReq_accesses::cpu10.dtb.walker        69098                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadReq_accesses::cpu10.itb.walker        27715                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadReq_accesses::cpu11.dtb.walker       119671                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadReq_accesses::cpu11.itb.walker        76452                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadReq_accesses::total             673394                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      2559719                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      2559719                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       517832                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.WritebackClean_accesses::total       517832                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu08.data        17734                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu09.data        18183                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu10.data        15128                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu11.data        24221                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           75266                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu08.data         8359                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu09.data         9087                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu10.data         6801                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu11.data        10474                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         34721                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu08.data       192208                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu09.data       200330                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu10.data       190132                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu11.data       197047                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadExReq_accesses::total           779717                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu08.inst       419471                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu09.inst       364322                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu10.inst       214783                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu11.inst       351231                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       1349807                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu08.data       771802                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu09.data       815361                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu10.data       636507                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu11.data       870226                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      3093896                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu08.data        22723                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu09.data        14813                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu10.data         8960                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu11.data        17442                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.InvalidateReq_accesses::total        63938                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu08.dtb.walker        97002                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu08.itb.walker        92434                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu08.inst         419471                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu08.data         964010                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu09.dtb.walker       118978                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu09.itb.walker        72044                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu09.inst         364322                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu09.data        1015691                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu10.dtb.walker        69098                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu10.itb.walker        27715                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu10.inst         214783                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu10.data         826639                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu11.dtb.walker       119671                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu11.itb.walker        76452                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu11.inst         351231                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu11.data        1067273                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::total             5896814                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu08.dtb.walker        97002                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu08.itb.walker        92434                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu08.inst        419471                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu08.data        964010                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu09.dtb.walker       118978                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu09.itb.walker        72044                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu09.inst        364322                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu09.data       1015691                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu10.dtb.walker        69098                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu10.itb.walker        27715                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu10.inst        214783                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu10.data        826639                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu11.dtb.walker       119671                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu11.itb.walker        76452                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu11.inst        351231                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu11.data       1067273                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::total            5896814                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu08.dtb.walker     0.020886                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l22.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu08.itb.walker     0.016055                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l22.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu09.dtb.walker     0.022794                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l22.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu09.itb.walker     0.009716                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l22.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu10.dtb.walker     0.028366                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l22.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu10.itb.walker     0.018221                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l22.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu11.dtb.walker     0.023331                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l22.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu11.itb.walker     0.007848                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l22.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.018977                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l22.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.701421                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l22.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.712864                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l22.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.960074                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l22.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.903307                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l22.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.821141                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.957650                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.953230                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.975004                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.976227                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.965496                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l22.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.509339                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l22.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.460670                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l22.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.456688                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l22.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.490350                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l22.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.479197                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu08.inst     0.056729                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu09.inst     0.044999                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu10.inst     0.044156                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu11.inst     0.047877                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.049259                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.194825                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.184587                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.215597                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.197633                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.197190                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l22.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.965101                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l22.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.921150                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l22.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l22.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.867102                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l22.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.933076                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu08.dtb.walker     0.020886                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu08.itb.walker     0.016055                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu08.inst      0.056729                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu08.data      0.257534                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu09.dtb.walker     0.022794                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu09.itb.walker     0.009716                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu09.inst      0.044999                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu09.data      0.239040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu10.dtb.walker     0.028366                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu10.itb.walker     0.018221                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu10.inst      0.044156                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu10.data      0.271049                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu11.dtb.walker     0.023331                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu11.itb.walker     0.007848                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu11.inst      0.047877                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu11.data      0.251676                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::total           0.180265                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu08.dtb.walker     0.020886                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu08.itb.walker     0.016055                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu08.inst     0.056729                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.257534                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu09.dtb.walker     0.022794                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu09.itb.walker     0.009716                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu09.inst     0.044999                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.239040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu10.dtb.walker     0.028366                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu10.itb.walker     0.018221                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu10.inst     0.044156                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.271049                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu11.dtb.walker     0.023331                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu11.itb.walker     0.007848                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu11.inst     0.047877                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.251676                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::total          0.180265                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l22.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l22.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l22.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l22.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l22.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l22.writebacks::writebacks              564534                       # number of writebacks
system.l22.writebacks::total                   564534                       # number of writebacks
system.l22.replacements                       1045180                       # number of replacements
system.l23.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l23.tags.tagsinuse                15006.552668                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l23.tags.total_refs                   28409457                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l23.tags.sampled_refs                  1736508                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l23.tags.avg_refs                    16.360107                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l23.tags.warmup_cycle             6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    1925.862294                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.dtb.walker     2.580318                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.itb.walker     1.053990                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst     175.302389                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    1262.091001                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.dtb.walker    21.584819                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.itb.walker    29.207953                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst     667.256414                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    2007.837381                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.dtb.walker    38.436183                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.itb.walker    55.042101                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst    2580.924091                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    3347.106181                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.dtb.walker     8.538126                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.itb.walker     7.448788                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst     652.750136                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    2223.530503                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::writebacks      0.117545                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.dtb.walker     0.000157                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.itb.walker     0.000064                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.inst      0.010700                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.data      0.077032                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.dtb.walker     0.001317                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.itb.walker     0.001783                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.inst      0.040726                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.data      0.122549                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.dtb.walker     0.002346                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.itb.walker     0.003360                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.inst      0.157527                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.data      0.204291                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.dtb.walker     0.000521                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.itb.walker     0.000455                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.inst      0.039841                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.data      0.135714                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::total           0.915927                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          169                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l23.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        15857                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l23.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l23.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::1            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l23.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2           33                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l23.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          127                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l23.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l23.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          197                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l23.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          828                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l23.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        14801                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l23.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.010315                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l23.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.967834                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l23.tags.tag_accesses                 58818186                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l23.tags.data_accesses                58818186                       # Number of data accesses
system.l23.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l23.ReadReq_hits::cpu12.dtb.walker        94217                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l23.ReadReq_hits::cpu12.itb.walker        64307                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l23.ReadReq_hits::cpu13.dtb.walker       127311                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l23.ReadReq_hits::cpu13.itb.walker       144894                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l23.ReadReq_hits::cpu14.dtb.walker       425123                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l23.ReadReq_hits::cpu14.itb.walker      2026415                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l23.ReadReq_hits::cpu15.dtb.walker       105260                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l23.ReadReq_hits::cpu15.itb.walker        75602                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l23.ReadReq_hits::total                3063129                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l23.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      3417972                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l23.WritebackDirty_hits::total         3417972                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l23.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks      6361569                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l23.WritebackClean_hits::total         6361569                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l23.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu12.data            947                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l23.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu13.data           4326                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l23.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu14.data           2919                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l23.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu15.data           1304                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l23.UpgradeReq_hits::total                9496                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu12.data          216                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu13.data          585                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu14.data          334                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu15.data          286                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total              1421                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l23.ReadExReq_hits::cpu12.data           99167                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l23.ReadExReq_hits::cpu13.data          144193                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l23.ReadExReq_hits::cpu14.data          376025                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l23.ReadExReq_hits::cpu15.data           93902                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l23.ReadExReq_hits::total               713287                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu12.inst       288987                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu13.inst       552364                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu14.inst      6650515                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu15.inst       338898                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_hits::total           7830764                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu12.data       546844                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu13.data       648497                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu14.data      1839897                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu15.data       542195                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          3577433                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l23.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu12.data          118                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l23.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu13.data         4599                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l23.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu14.data        71248                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l23.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu15.data         2086                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l23.InvalidateReq_hits::total            78051                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu12.dtb.walker        94217                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu12.itb.walker        64307                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu12.inst             288987                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu12.data             646011                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu13.dtb.walker       127311                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu13.itb.walker       144894                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu13.inst             552364                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu13.data             792690                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu14.dtb.walker       425123                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu14.itb.walker      2026415                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu14.inst            6650515                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu14.data            2215922                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu15.dtb.walker       105260                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu15.itb.walker        75602                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu15.inst             338898                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu15.data             636097                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::total                15184613                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu12.dtb.walker        94217                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu12.itb.walker        64307                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu12.inst            288987                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu12.data            646011                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu13.dtb.walker       127311                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu13.itb.walker       144894                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu13.inst            552364                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu13.data            792690                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu14.dtb.walker       425123                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu14.itb.walker      2026415                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu14.inst           6650515                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu14.data           2215922                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu15.dtb.walker       105260                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu15.itb.walker        75602                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu15.inst            338898                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu15.data            636097                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::total               15184613                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.ReadReq_misses::cpu12.dtb.walker         2823                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l23.ReadReq_misses::cpu12.itb.walker          708                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l23.ReadReq_misses::cpu13.dtb.walker         3404                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l23.ReadReq_misses::cpu13.itb.walker         2767                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l23.ReadReq_misses::cpu14.dtb.walker        15112                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l23.ReadReq_misses::cpu14.itb.walker         9618                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l23.ReadReq_misses::cpu15.dtb.walker         2867                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l23.ReadReq_misses::cpu15.itb.walker          642                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l23.ReadReq_misses::total                37941                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l23.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu12.data        19433                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l23.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu13.data        13014                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l23.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu14.data        36589                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l23.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu15.data        19386                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l23.UpgradeReq_misses::total             88422                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu12.data         9217                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu13.data         8351                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu14.data        19840                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu15.data         9609                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           47017                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l23.ReadExReq_misses::cpu12.data         93532                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l23.ReadExReq_misses::cpu13.data         86725                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l23.ReadExReq_misses::cpu14.data        120830                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l23.ReadExReq_misses::cpu15.data         94849                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l23.ReadExReq_misses::total             395936                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu12.inst        12306                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu13.inst        31396                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu14.inst       166722                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu15.inst        17892                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          228316                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu12.data       177419                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu13.data       165433                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu14.data       297175                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu15.data       158620                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         798647                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l23.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu12.data        12896                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l23.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu13.data        13776                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l23.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu14.data        36542                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l23.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu15.data        14533                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l23.InvalidateReq_misses::total          77747                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu12.dtb.walker         2823                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu12.itb.walker          708                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu12.inst            12306                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu12.data           270951                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu13.dtb.walker         3404                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu13.itb.walker         2767                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu13.inst            31396                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu13.data           252158                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu14.dtb.walker        15112                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu14.itb.walker         9618                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu14.inst           166722                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu14.data           418005                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu15.dtb.walker         2867                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu15.itb.walker          642                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu15.inst            17892                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu15.data           253469                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::total               1460840                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu12.dtb.walker         2823                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu12.itb.walker          708                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu12.inst           12306                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu12.data          270951                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu13.dtb.walker         3404                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu13.itb.walker         2767                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu13.inst           31396                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu13.data          252158                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu14.dtb.walker        15112                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu14.itb.walker         9618                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu14.inst          166722                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu14.data          418005                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu15.dtb.walker         2867                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu15.itb.walker          642                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu15.inst           17892                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu15.data          253469                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::total              1460840                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.ReadReq_accesses::cpu12.dtb.walker        97040                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadReq_accesses::cpu12.itb.walker        65015                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadReq_accesses::cpu13.dtb.walker       130715                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadReq_accesses::cpu13.itb.walker       147661                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadReq_accesses::cpu14.dtb.walker       440235                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadReq_accesses::cpu14.itb.walker      2036033                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadReq_accesses::cpu15.dtb.walker       108127                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadReq_accesses::cpu15.itb.walker        76244                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadReq_accesses::total            3101070                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      3417972                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      3417972                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks      6361569                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.WritebackClean_accesses::total      6361569                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu12.data        20380                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu13.data        17340                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu14.data        39508                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu15.data        20690                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           97918                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu12.data         9433                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu13.data         8936                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu14.data        20174                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu15.data         9895                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         48438                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu12.data       192699                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu13.data       230918                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu14.data       496855                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu15.data       188751                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadExReq_accesses::total          1109223                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu12.inst       301293                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu13.inst       583760                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu14.inst      6817237                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu15.inst       356790                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       8059080                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu12.data       724263                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu13.data       813930                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu14.data      2137072                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu15.data       700815                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      4376080                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu12.data        13014                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu13.data        18375                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu14.data       107790                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu15.data        16619                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.InvalidateReq_accesses::total       155798                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu12.dtb.walker        97040                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu12.itb.walker        65015                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu12.inst         301293                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu12.data         916962                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu13.dtb.walker       130715                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu13.itb.walker       147661                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu13.inst         583760                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu13.data        1044848                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu14.dtb.walker       440235                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu14.itb.walker      2036033                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu14.inst        6817237                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu14.data        2633927                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu15.dtb.walker       108127                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu15.itb.walker        76244                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu15.inst         356790                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu15.data         889566                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::total            16645453                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu12.dtb.walker        97040                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu12.itb.walker        65015                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu12.inst        301293                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu12.data        916962                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu13.dtb.walker       130715                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu13.itb.walker       147661                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu13.inst        583760                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu13.data       1044848                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu14.dtb.walker       440235                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu14.itb.walker      2036033                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu14.inst       6817237                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu14.data       2633927                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu15.dtb.walker       108127                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu15.itb.walker        76244                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu15.inst        356790                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu15.data        889566                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::total           16645453                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu12.dtb.walker     0.029091                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l23.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu12.itb.walker     0.010890                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l23.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu13.dtb.walker     0.026041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l23.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu13.itb.walker     0.018739                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l23.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu14.dtb.walker     0.034327                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l23.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu14.itb.walker     0.004724                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l23.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu15.dtb.walker     0.026515                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l23.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu15.itb.walker     0.008420                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l23.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.012235                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l23.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.953533                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l23.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.750519                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l23.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.926116                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l23.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.936974                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l23.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.903021                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.977102                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.934534                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.983444                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.971097                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.970664                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l23.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.485379                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l23.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.375566                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l23.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.243190                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l23.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.502509                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l23.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.356949                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu12.inst     0.040844                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu13.inst     0.053782                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu14.inst     0.024456                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu15.inst     0.050147                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.028330                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.244965                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.203252                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.139057                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.226336                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.182503                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l23.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.990933                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l23.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.749714                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l23.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.339011                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l23.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.874481                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l23.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.499024                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu12.dtb.walker     0.029091                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu12.itb.walker     0.010890                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu12.inst      0.040844                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu12.data      0.295488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu13.dtb.walker     0.026041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu13.itb.walker     0.018739                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu13.inst      0.053782                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu13.data      0.241335                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu14.dtb.walker     0.034327                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu14.itb.walker     0.004724                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu14.inst      0.024456                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu14.data      0.158700                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu15.dtb.walker     0.026515                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu15.itb.walker     0.008420                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu15.inst      0.050147                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu15.data      0.284936                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::total           0.087762                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu12.dtb.walker     0.029091                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu12.itb.walker     0.010890                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu12.inst     0.040844                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.295488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu13.dtb.walker     0.026041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu13.itb.walker     0.018739                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu13.inst     0.053782                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.241335                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu14.dtb.walker     0.034327                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu14.itb.walker     0.004724                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu14.inst     0.024456                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.158700                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu15.dtb.walker     0.026515                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu15.itb.walker     0.008420                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu15.inst     0.050147                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.284936                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::total          0.087762                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l23.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l23.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l23.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l23.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l23.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l23.writebacks::writebacks              634167                       # number of writebacks
system.l23.writebacks::total                   634167                       # number of writebacks
system.l23.replacements                       1477582                       # number of replacements
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      10101147                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      4543733                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests      1621236                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               44069                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            3376313                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq              37642                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp             37642                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      2434856                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          1982706                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           349004                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         196152                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          476114                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           1455496                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          1452881                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       3332244                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        350689                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp       350656                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        24344                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total        24344                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l20.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        12236                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l20.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        49524                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l20.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      4528080                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l20.mem_side::total      4589840                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l21.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           18                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l21.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        30778                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l21.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      3089617                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l21.mem_side::total      3120413                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l22.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         2370                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l22.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        30266                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l22.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      3409618                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l22.mem_side::total      3442254                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l23.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           28                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l23.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        38202                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l23.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      4661383                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l23.mem_side::total      4699613                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               15876464                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       517632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total       517632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l20.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        11268                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l20.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        99048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l20.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    130741440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l20.mem_side::total    130851756                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l21.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           18                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l21.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        61556                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l21.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     94319296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l21.mem_side::total     94380870                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l22.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         1830                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l22.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        60532                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l22.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    103503232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l22.mem_side::total    103565594                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l23.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           28                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l23.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        76404                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l23.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    132997184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l23.mem_side::total    133073616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               462389468                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           5765296                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean             0.443041                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.825016                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                 4112206     71.33%     71.33% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                 1101510     19.11%     90.43% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                  201985      3.50%     93.94% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::3                  349595      6.06%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::5                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             5765296                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.directResponses                       0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.membus.badaddr_responder.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.pci_host.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pci_ide.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.clock24MHz.voltage_domain.voltage     3.300000                       # Voltage in Volts
system.realview.clock24MHz.clock                41667                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.realview_io.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.dcc.osc_cpu.clock               16667                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.dcc.osc_ddr.clock               25000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.dcc.osc_hsbm.clock              25000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.dcc.osc_pxl.clock               42105                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.dcc.osc_smb.clock               20000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.dcc.osc_sys.clock               16667                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.energy_ctrl.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.ethernet.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAReads               0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAWrites              0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.postedSwi                  0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedSwi             nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalSwi                   0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxIdle               0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle          nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxIdle                0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOk                 0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOk            nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOk                  0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxDesc               0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc          nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxDesc                0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxOk                 0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxOk            nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxOk                  0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxIdle               0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle          nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxIdle                0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxDesc               0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc          nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxDesc                0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOrn                0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn           nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOrn                 0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTotal           nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.droppedPackets             0                       # number of packets dropped
system.realview.gic.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.generic_timer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.gicv2m.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.hdlcd.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.kmi0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.kmi1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.mcc.osc_clcd.clock              42105                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.mcc.osc_mcc.clock               20000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.mcc.osc_peripheral.clock        41667                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.mcc.osc_system_bus.clock        41667                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.rtc.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.uart0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.vgic.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.vio0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.vio1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.viopci.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests     17985872                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      7956886                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests      3083632                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops        563210                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       416912                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops       146298                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::ReadReq           1890073                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp          9638025                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq            14439                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp           14439                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      3174930                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean      3700153                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::WriteClean            615                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict        1811271                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         104394                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        64541                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        168935                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq          915057                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp         915057                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq      3702201                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      4045751                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::CleanSharedReq        11392                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::CleanSharedResp        11392                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::InvalidateReq       201877                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::InvalidateResp       201877                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu00.icache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side      3038044                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu00.dcache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side      4377981                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu00.itb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side       542278                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu00.dtb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side       500332                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu01.icache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side       900436                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu01.dcache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side      3004585                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu01.itb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side       129764                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu01.dtb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side       222572                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu02.icache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side      5826604                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu02.dcache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side      4815853                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu02.itb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side      1182498                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu02.dtb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side       728894                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu03.icache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side      1339471                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu03.dcache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side      3536181                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu03.itb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side       189628                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu03.dtb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side       251298                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count::total             30586419                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu00.icache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side    129612288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu00.dcache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side    143503548                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu00.itb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side      2169112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu00.dtb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side      2001328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu01.icache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side     38407680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu01.dcache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side    101348232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu01.itb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side       519056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu01.dtb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side       890288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu02.icache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side    248590848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu02.dcache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side    159059783                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu02.itb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side      4729992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu02.dtb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side      2915576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu03.icache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side     57139840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu03.dcache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side    116925345                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu03.itb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side       758512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu03.dtb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side      1005192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size::total            1009576620                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.snoops                        2273646                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus0.snoopTraffic                 45412224                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples        13060069                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean           0.375257                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev          0.829140                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::0              10258528     78.55%     78.55% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::1               1490778     11.41%     89.96% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                584863      4.48%     94.44% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::3                667578      5.11%     99.55% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::4                 56419      0.43%     99.99% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::5                   387      0.00%     99.99% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::6                   581      0.00%     99.99% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::7                   935      0.01%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::8                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows             0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value             0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value             7                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::total          13060069                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.directResponses                     0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests     10715310                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      4617461                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests      1954000                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops        408564                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       276510                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops       132054                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::ReadReq            704159                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp          5232068                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq             6656                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp            6656                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      2536251                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean      1393990                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict        1299630                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          70306                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        40430                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        110736                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq          766633                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp         766633                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq      1396038                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      3131871                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::CleanSharedReq          896                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::CleanSharedResp          896                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        60308                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        60308                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu04.icache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side      1333423                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu04.dcache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side      3008333                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu04.itb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side       214044                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu04.dtb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side       187372                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu05.icache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side       931642                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu05.dcache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side      3054865                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu05.itb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side       133984                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu05.dtb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side       193418                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu06.icache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side       953578                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu06.dcache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side      2939914                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu06.itb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side       139718                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu06.dtb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side       207830                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu07.icache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side       967423                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu07.dcache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side      3004453                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu07.itb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side       135948                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu07.dtb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side       178520                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count::total             17584465                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu04.icache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side     56881792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu04.dcache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side    103632876                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu04.itb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side       856176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu04.dtb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side       749488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu05.icache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side     39739136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu05.dcache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side    104351716                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu05.itb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side       535936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu05.dtb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side       773672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu06.icache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side     40675072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu06.dcache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side    100222754                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu06.itb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side       558872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu06.dtb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side       831320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu07.icache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side     41265792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu07.dcache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side    103678548                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu07.itb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side       543792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu07.dtb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side       714080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size::total             596011022                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.snoops                        1670839                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus1.snoopTraffic                 33249088                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples         7736409                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean           0.403284                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev          0.879421                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::0               6052021     78.23%     78.23% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                796885     10.30%     88.53% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                408556      5.28%     93.81% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::3                414168      5.35%     99.16% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::4                 62940      0.81%     99.98% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::5                   374      0.00%     99.98% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::6                   415      0.01%     99.99% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::7                  1048      0.01%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::8                     2      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows             0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value             0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value             8                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::total           7736409                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.directResponses                     0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus2.snoop_filter.tot_requests     10730948                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      4705537                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests      1783629                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus2.snoop_filter.tot_snoops        443207                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       305139                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops       138068                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::ReadReq            692141                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::ReadResp          5197842                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::WriteReq             7834                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::WriteResp            7834                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      2559719                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::WritebackClean      1347759                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::CleanEvict        1315676                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          84151                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        40080                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        124231                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::ReadExReq          784488                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::ReadExResp         784488                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq      1349807                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      3155894                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::CleanSharedReq           64                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::CleanSharedResp           64                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        64015                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        64015                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu08.icache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side      1257901                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu08.dcache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side      3045035                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu08.itb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side       187358                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu08.dtb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side       198108                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu09.icache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side      1092454                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu09.dcache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side      3216474                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu09.itb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side       146012                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu09.dtb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side       241682                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu10.icache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side       643837                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu10.dcache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side      2547470                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu10.itb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side        55430                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu10.dtb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side       138714                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu11.icache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side      1053181                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu11.dcache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side      3356436                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu11.itb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side       155918                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu11.dtb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side       244092                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count::total             17580102                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu08.icache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side     53659520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu08.dcache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side    103634534                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu08.itb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side       749432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu08.dtb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side       792432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu09.icache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side     46600448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu09.dcache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side    112477360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu09.itb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side       584048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu09.dtb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side       966728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu10.icache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side     27459456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu10.dcache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side     87253612                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu10.itb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side       221720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu10.dtb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side       554856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu11.icache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side     44924800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu11.dcache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side    112703320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu11.itb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side       623672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu11.dtb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side       976368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size::total             594182306                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.snoops                        1794312                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus2.snoopTraffic                 36130176                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::samples         7844883                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::mean           0.368034                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::stdev          0.826667                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::0               6222746     79.32%     79.32% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::1                804000     10.25%     89.57% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::2                420746      5.36%     94.93% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::3                351619      4.48%     99.42% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::4                 44152      0.56%     99.98% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::5                   375      0.00%     99.98% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::6                   367      0.00%     99.99% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::7                   878      0.01%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::8                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::overflows             0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::min_value             0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::max_value             7                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::total           7844883                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.directResponses                     0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus3.snoop_filter.tot_requests     27896800                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     12924933                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests      3340268                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus3.snoop_filter.tot_snoops        607148                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       460425                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops       146723                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591767737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::ReadReq           3115130                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::ReadResp         15602854                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::WriteReq             8713                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::WriteResp            8713                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      3417972                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::WritebackClean      8057032                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::CleanEvict        2123998                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         104621                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        56040                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        160661                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::ReadExReq         1112469                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::ReadExResp        1112469                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq      8059080                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      4428644                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::CleanSharedReq          640                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::CleanSharedResp          640                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::InvalidateReq       155891                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::InvalidateResp       155891                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu12.icache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side       903367                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu12.dcache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side      2851837                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu12.itb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side       130236                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu12.dtb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side       195206                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu13.icache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side      1750768                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu13.dcache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side      3287390                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu13.itb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side       295362                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu13.dtb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side       262332                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu14.icache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side     20451199                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu14.dcache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side      8365094                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu14.itb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side      4072100                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu14.dtb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side       881282                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu15.icache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side      1069858                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu15.dcache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side      2792489                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu15.itb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side       153890                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu15.dtb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side       219048                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count::total             47681458                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu12.icache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side     38532736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu12.dcache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side     97859744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu12.itb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side       520944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu12.dtb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side       780824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu13.icache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side     74688512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu13.dcache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side    111596488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu13.itb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side      1181448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu13.dtb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side      1049328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu14.icache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side    872573568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu14.dcache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side    268312386                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu14.itb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side     16288400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu14.dtb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side      3525128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu15.icache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side     45636352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu15.dcache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side     95689254                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu15.itb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side       615560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu15.dtb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side       876192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size::total            1629726864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.snoops                        2314555                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus3.snoopTraffic                 40586688                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::samples        19172501                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::mean           0.279610                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::stdev          0.726269                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::0              16022353     83.57%     83.57% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::1               1784494      9.31%     92.88% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::2                582585      3.04%     95.92% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::3                725493      3.78%     99.70% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::4                 55692      0.29%     99.99% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::5                   349      0.00%     99.99% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::6                   575      0.00%     99.99% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::7                   960      0.01%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::8                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::overflows             0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::min_value             0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::max_value             7                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::total          19172501                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.directResponses                     0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
