
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                               6261.681300                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                6261681300458000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               13008804355239000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                2516920                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  2770278                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                           1937855083235                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                5043852                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  3231.24                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  8132779763                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    8951442932                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           625                       # Clock period in ticks
system.bootmem.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu00.dtb.walker        71040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu00.itb.walker        76800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu00.inst       3418112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu00.data      74808960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu01.dtb.walker        25344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu01.itb.walker        25088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu01.inst       1559104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu01.data       4007232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu02.dtb.walker        43328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu02.itb.walker        30272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu02.inst       2815104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu02.data       4594432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu03.dtb.walker        19392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu03.itb.walker         8448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu03.inst       1356480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu03.data       1770048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu04.dtb.walker       196800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu04.itb.walker        51520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu04.inst       4864192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu04.data      10023296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu05.dtb.walker        80960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu05.itb.walker       104384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu05.inst       4251328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu05.data       8249984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu06.dtb.walker        23296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu06.itb.walker        14912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu06.inst       1306304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu06.data       2719808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu07.dtb.walker        16000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu07.itb.walker        17152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu07.inst       1235392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu07.data       1749952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu08.dtb.walker        16256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu08.itb.walker        17856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu08.inst       1360384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu08.data       2887360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu09.dtb.walker        28608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu09.itb.walker        22720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu09.inst       1759232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu09.data       4190976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu10.dtb.walker      3518528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu10.itb.walker        85440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu10.inst       4431104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu10.data     172334976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu11.dtb.walker        25536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu11.itb.walker        25344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu11.inst       1553472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu11.data       4080576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu12.dtb.walker        19008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu12.itb.walker        11392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu12.inst       1306432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu12.data       1893376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu13.dtb.walker        72768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu13.itb.walker        24256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu13.inst       1829312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu13.data       1452032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu14.dtb.walker      1490944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu14.itb.walker      1137088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu14.inst      19437888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu14.data      15999424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu15.dtb.walker        35008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu15.itb.walker        20352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu15.inst       1986752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu15.data       3556608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          376145472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu00.inst      3418112                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu01.inst      1559104                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu02.inst      2815104                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu03.inst      1356480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu04.inst      4864192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu05.inst      4251328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu06.inst      1306304                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu07.inst      1235392                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu08.inst      1360384                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu09.inst      1759232                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu10.inst      4431104                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu11.inst      1553472                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu12.inst      1306432                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu13.inst      1829312                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu14.inst     19437888                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu15.inst      1986752                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total      54470592                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks    173771072                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total       173771072                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu00.dtb.walker         1110                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu00.itb.walker         1200                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu00.inst          53408                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu00.data        1168890                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu01.dtb.walker          396                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu01.itb.walker          392                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu01.inst          24361                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu01.data          62613                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu02.dtb.walker          677                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu02.itb.walker          473                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu02.inst          43986                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu02.data          71788                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu03.dtb.walker          303                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu03.itb.walker          132                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu03.inst          21195                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu03.data          27657                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu04.dtb.walker         3075                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu04.itb.walker          805                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu04.inst          76003                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu04.data         156614                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu05.dtb.walker         1265                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu05.itb.walker         1631                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu05.inst          66427                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu05.data         128906                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu06.dtb.walker          364                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu06.itb.walker          233                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu06.inst          20411                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu06.data          42497                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu07.dtb.walker          250                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu07.itb.walker          268                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu07.inst          19303                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu07.data          27343                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu08.dtb.walker          254                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu08.itb.walker          279                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu08.inst          21256                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu08.data          45115                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu09.dtb.walker          447                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu09.itb.walker          355                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu09.inst          27488                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu09.data          65484                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu10.dtb.walker        54977                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu10.itb.walker         1335                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu10.inst          69236                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu10.data        2692734                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu11.dtb.walker          399                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu11.itb.walker          396                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu11.inst          24273                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu11.data          63759                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu12.dtb.walker          297                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu12.itb.walker          178                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu12.inst          20413                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu12.data          29584                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu13.dtb.walker         1137                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu13.itb.walker          379                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu13.inst          28583                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu13.data          22688                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu14.dtb.walker        23296                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu14.itb.walker        17767                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu14.inst         303717                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu14.data         249991                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu15.dtb.walker          547                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu15.itb.walker          318                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu15.inst          31043                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu15.data          55572                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             5877273                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       2715173                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            2715173                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu00.dtb.walker           11                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu00.itb.walker           12                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu00.inst              546                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu00.data            11947                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu01.dtb.walker            4                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu01.itb.walker            4                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu01.inst              249                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu01.data              640                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu02.dtb.walker            7                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu02.itb.walker            5                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu02.inst              450                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu02.data              734                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu03.dtb.walker            3                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu03.itb.walker            1                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu03.inst              217                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu03.data              283                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu04.dtb.walker           31                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu04.itb.walker            8                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu04.inst              777                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu04.data             1601                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu05.dtb.walker           13                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu05.itb.walker           17                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu05.inst              679                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu05.data             1318                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu06.dtb.walker            4                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu06.itb.walker            2                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu06.inst              209                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu06.data              434                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu07.dtb.walker            3                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu07.itb.walker            3                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu07.inst              197                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu07.data              279                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu08.dtb.walker            3                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu08.itb.walker            3                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu08.inst              217                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu08.data              461                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu09.dtb.walker            5                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu09.itb.walker            4                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu09.inst              281                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu09.data              669                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu10.dtb.walker          562                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu10.itb.walker           14                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu10.inst              708                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu10.data            27522                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu11.dtb.walker            4                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu11.itb.walker            4                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu11.inst              248                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu11.data              652                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu12.dtb.walker            3                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu12.itb.walker            2                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu12.inst              209                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu12.data              302                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu13.dtb.walker           12                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu13.itb.walker            4                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu13.inst              292                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu13.data              232                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu14.dtb.walker          238                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu14.itb.walker          182                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu14.inst             3104                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu14.data             2555                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu15.dtb.walker            6                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu15.itb.walker            3                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu15.inst              317                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu15.data              568                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total                 60071                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu00.inst          546                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu01.inst          249                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu02.inst          450                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu03.inst          217                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu04.inst          777                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu05.inst          679                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu06.inst          209                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu07.inst          197                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu08.inst          217                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu09.inst          281                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu10.inst          708                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu11.inst          248                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu12.inst          209                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu13.inst          292                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu14.inst         3104                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu15.inst          317                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total             8699                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks           27752                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total                27752                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks           27752                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu00.dtb.walker           11                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu00.itb.walker           12                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu00.inst             546                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu00.data           11947                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu01.dtb.walker            4                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu01.itb.walker            4                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu01.inst             249                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu01.data             640                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu02.dtb.walker            7                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu02.itb.walker            5                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu02.inst             450                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu02.data             734                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu03.dtb.walker            3                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu03.itb.walker            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu03.inst             217                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu03.data             283                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu04.dtb.walker           31                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu04.itb.walker            8                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu04.inst             777                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu04.data            1601                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu05.dtb.walker           13                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu05.itb.walker           17                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu05.inst             679                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu05.data            1318                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu06.dtb.walker            4                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu06.itb.walker            2                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu06.inst             209                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu06.data             434                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu07.dtb.walker            3                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu07.itb.walker            3                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu07.inst             197                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu07.data             279                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu08.dtb.walker            3                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu08.itb.walker            3                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu08.inst             217                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu08.data             461                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu09.dtb.walker            5                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu09.itb.walker            4                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu09.inst             281                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu09.data             669                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu10.dtb.walker          562                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu10.itb.walker           14                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu10.inst             708                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu10.data           27522                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu11.dtb.walker            4                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu11.itb.walker            4                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu11.inst             248                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu11.data             652                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu12.dtb.walker            3                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu12.itb.walker            2                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu12.inst             209                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu12.data             302                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu13.dtb.walker           12                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu13.itb.walker            4                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu13.inst             292                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu13.data             232                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu14.dtb.walker          238                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu14.itb.walker          182                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu14.inst            3104                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu14.data            2555                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu15.dtb.walker            6                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu15.itb.walker            3                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu15.inst             317                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu15.data             568                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total                87823                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                           0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                          0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                       0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                       0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                    0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::16                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::17                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::18                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::19                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::20                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::21                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::22                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::23                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::24                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::25                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::26                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::27                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::28                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::29                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::30                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::31                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::16                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::17                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::18                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::19                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::20                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::21                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::22                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::23                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::24                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::25                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::26                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::27                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::28                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::29                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::30                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::31                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                             0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::64                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::65                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::66                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::67                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::68                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::69                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::70                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::71                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::72                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::73                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::74                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::75                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::76                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::77                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::78                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::79                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::80                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::81                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::82                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::83                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::84                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::85                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::86                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::87                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::88                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::89                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::90                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::91                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::92                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::93                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::94                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::95                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::96                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::97                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::98                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::99                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::100                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::101                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::102                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::103                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::104                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::105                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::106                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::107                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::108                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::109                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::110                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::111                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::112                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::113                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::114                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::115                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::116                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::117                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::118                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::119                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::120                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::121                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::122                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::123                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::124                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::125                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::126                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::127                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                            0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat                       0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                          nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                        nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                     nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                         0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      19207.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                       0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                           nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                      nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         1021906388234783.625000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           1021906388234783.625000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            163.200000                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime                    0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 13008804355239000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         1021906388234783.625000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           1021906388234783.625000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            163.200000                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime                    0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 13008804355239000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.preBackEnergy         1021906388234783.625000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.actPowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.prePowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.totalEnergy           1021906388234783.625000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.averagePower            163.200000                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_2.totalIdleTime                    0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::IDLE 13008804355239000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.preBackEnergy         1021906388234783.625000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.actPowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.prePowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.totalEnergy           1021906388234783.625000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.averagePower            163.200000                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_3.totalIdleTime                    0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::IDLE 13008804355239000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cf0.dma_read_full_pages                     32                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_bytes                      131072                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_txs                            32                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_write_full_pages                  8327                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_bytes                   34107392                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_txs                         8327                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walks                   21085                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walksLong               21085                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        21085                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         21085    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        21085                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples     15751648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walksPending::0      15751648    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walksPending::total     15751648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        19918     98.79%     98.79% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          194      0.96%     99.75% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G           50      0.25%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        20162                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        21085                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        21085                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        20162                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        20162                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        41247                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                   13235135                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                    19154                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                  11805289                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                    1931                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10770                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    76                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                   1234                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                  516                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                     489                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses               13254289                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses              11807220                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                        25040424                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                         21085                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                    25061509                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walks                   43854                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walksLong               43854                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        43854                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         43854    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        43854                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walksPending::samples     15775648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walksPending::0      15775648    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walksPending::total     15775648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        43336     99.24%     99.24% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          332      0.76%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        43668                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        43854                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        43854                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        43668                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        43668                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        87522                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                   56143571                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                    43854                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10770                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    76                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                    704                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses               56187425                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                        56143571                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                         43854                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                    56187425                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numPwrStateTransitions              3265                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         1633                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   3834443051278.464355                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  13781245138224.068359                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          436     26.70%     26.70% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         1039     63.63%     90.32% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::2.5e+11-3e+11            1      0.06%     90.39% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::3.5e+11-4e+11            1      0.06%     90.45% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows          156      9.55%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 79871113190680                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::total          1633                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   35797720268                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 6261645502737732                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.numCycles                   25995021230173                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu00.kern.inst.quiesce                   1633                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                  56183790                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                    71592675                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.committedUserInsts              18619242                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses            66251964                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_vec_alu_accesses               57448                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                   3095682                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts      8065663                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                   66251964                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_vec_insts                      57448                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads          92746481                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes         52522552                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_vec_register_reads             67831                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu00.num_vec_register_writes            30875                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu00.num_cc_register_reads           31416970                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu00.num_cc_register_writes          16925500                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                    24999620                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                  13191468                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                 11808152                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles             25994872617972.257812                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles             148612200.742343                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction               0.000006                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                   0.999994                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.Branches                        11703313                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu00.op_class::No_OpClass                1436      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IntAlu                46471215     64.91%     64.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IntMult                  80953      0.11%     65.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IntDiv                   19246      0.03%     65.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     65.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     65.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     65.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     65.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     65.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     65.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMisc                    4      0.00%     65.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     65.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAdd                   4353      0.01%     65.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     65.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAlu                   9092      0.01%     65.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdCmp                   5744      0.01%     65.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     65.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdMisc                  4418      0.01%     65.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     65.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     65.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     65.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     65.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     65.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     65.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     65.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     65.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     65.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     65.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatMisc               43      0.00%     65.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     65.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     65.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     65.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead               13191468     18.42%     83.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite              11808152     16.49%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::total                 71596124                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         457.432240                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.total_refs          25035893                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         1566316                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.avg_refs           15.983935                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   457.432240                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.893422                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.893422                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          424                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          424                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.828125                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        51641430                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.data_accesses       51641430                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu00.data     12020441                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      12020441                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu00.data     10976555                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     10976555                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu00.data       126972                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total       126972                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu00.data         3246                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         3246                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu00.data       163551                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       163551                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu00.data       153193                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       153193                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::cpu00.data     23000242                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total       23000242                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::cpu00.data     23127214                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total      23127214                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu00.data       917175                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       917175                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu00.data       631183                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       631183                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu00.data        11353                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        11353                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu00.data        20198                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        20198                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu00.data         1066                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1066                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu00.data        10960                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        10960                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::cpu00.data      1568556                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total      1568556                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::cpu00.data      1579909                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total      1579909                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu00.data     12937616                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12937616                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu00.data     11607738                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     11607738                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu00.data       138325                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total       138325                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu00.data        23444                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        23444                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu00.data       164617                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       164617                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu00.data       164153                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       164153                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu00.data     24568798                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total     24568798                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu00.data     24707123                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total     24707123                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.070892                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.070892                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.054376                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.054376                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.082075                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.082075                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.861542                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.861542                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.006476                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.006476                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.066767                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.066767                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.063843                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.063843                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.063945                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.063945                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       779460                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total          779460                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements              1543271                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.icache.tags.tagsinuse         511.999994                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.tags.total_refs          56187239                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.tags.sampled_refs          546550                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.tags.avg_refs          102.803475                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst   511.999994                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu00.icache.tags.tag_accesses       112921028                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu00.icache.tags.data_accesses      112921028                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu00.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu00.inst     55640689                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      55640689                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::cpu00.inst     55640689                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total       55640689                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::cpu00.inst     55640689                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total      55640689                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu00.inst       546550                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       546550                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::cpu00.inst       546550                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total       546550                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::cpu00.inst       546550                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total       546550                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu00.inst     56187239                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     56187239                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::cpu00.inst     56187239                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total     56187239                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::cpu00.inst     56187239                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total     56187239                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.009727                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009727                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.009727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.009727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.writebacks::writebacks       546038                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.icache.writebacks::total          546038                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.icache.replacements               546038                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walks                   14329                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walksLong               14329                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        14329                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         14329    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        14329                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples     15753148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walksPending::0      15753148    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walksPending::total     15753148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        12707     98.73%     98.73% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          127      0.99%     99.71% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G           37      0.29%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        12871                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        14329                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        14329                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        12871                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        12871                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        27200                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                    5210033                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                    13453                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                   2933648                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                     876                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10770                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    76                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                    455                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                  170                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                     207                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                5223486                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses               2934524                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                         8143681                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                         14329                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                     8158010                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walks                   13781                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walksLong               13781                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        13781                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         13781    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        13781                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walksPending::samples     15777148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walksPending::0      15777148    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walksPending::total     15777148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        13560     99.69%     99.69% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           42      0.31%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        13602                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        13781                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        13781                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        13602                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        13602                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        27383                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                   22694826                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                    13781                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10770                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    76                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                    193                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses               22708607                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                        22694826                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                         13781                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                    22708607                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numPwrStateTransitions               449                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          225                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   27829636383385.847656                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  161770278902684.656250                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows           61     27.11%     27.11% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10          115     51.11%     78.22% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::2e+11-2.5e+11            1      0.44%     78.67% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows           48     21.33%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 2389708841915000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           225                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   13114196184                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 6261668186261816                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.numCycles                   12422952102076                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu01.kern.inst.quiesce                    225                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                  22706101                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                    26225996                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.committedUserInsts              13080286                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses            23980667                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_vec_alu_accesses               32492                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                    923598                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts      4232356                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                   23980667                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_vec_insts                      32492                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads          32521656                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes         19134328                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_vec_register_reads             39224                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu01.num_vec_register_writes            22966                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu01.num_cc_register_reads            7251657                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu01.num_cc_register_writes           7182612                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                     8137867                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                   5204193                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                  2933674                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles             12422926083979.064453                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles             26018096.934947                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction               0.000002                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                   0.999998                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.Branches                         5387276                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu01.op_class::No_OpClass                1056      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IntAlu                18016655     68.69%     68.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IntMult                  44991      0.17%     68.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IntDiv                   10830      0.04%     68.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     68.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     68.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     68.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     68.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     68.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     68.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMisc                    4      0.00%     68.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     68.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAdd                   3083      0.01%     68.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     68.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAlu                   6482      0.02%     68.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdCmp                   4224      0.02%     68.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     68.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdMisc                  3131      0.01%     68.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     68.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     68.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     68.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     68.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     68.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     68.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     68.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     68.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     68.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     68.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     68.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     68.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     68.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     68.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead                5204193     19.84%     88.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite               2933674     11.19%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::total                 26228323                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         363.900279                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.total_refs           8155750                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          217891                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.avg_refs           37.430412                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054782000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.data   363.900279                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.710743                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.710743                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          377                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          377                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.736328                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        16529391                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.data_accesses       16529391                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu01.data      4900580                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       4900580                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu01.data      2794660                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      2794660                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu01.data        62116                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        62116                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu01.data         1400                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         1400                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu01.data        86889                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        86889                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu01.data        81044                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        81044                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::cpu01.data      7696640                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total        7696640                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::cpu01.data      7758756                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total       7758756                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu01.data       167926                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       167926                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu01.data        37392                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        37392                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu01.data         3659                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         3659                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu01.data        12961                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        12961                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu01.data          682                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          682                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu01.data         6441                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         6441                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::cpu01.data       218279                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total       218279                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::cpu01.data       221938                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total       221938                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu01.data      5068506                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      5068506                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu01.data      2832052                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      2832052                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu01.data        65775                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        65775                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu01.data        14361                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        14361                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu01.data        87571                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        87571                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu01.data        87485                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        87485                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu01.data      7914919                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total      7914919                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu01.data      7980694                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total      7980694                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.033131                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.033131                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.013203                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.013203                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.055629                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.055629                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.902514                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.902514                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.007788                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.007788                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.073624                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.073624                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.027578                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.027578                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.027809                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.027809                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       107187                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total          107187                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements               213134                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.icache.tags.tagsinuse         511.338139                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.tags.total_refs          22708428                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.tags.sampled_refs          166427                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.tags.avg_refs          136.446778                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054781500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst   511.338139                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.998707                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998707                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu01.icache.tags.tag_accesses        45583283                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu01.icache.tags.data_accesses       45583283                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu01.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu01.inst     22542001                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      22542001                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::cpu01.inst     22542001                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total       22542001                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::cpu01.inst     22542001                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total      22542001                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu01.inst       166427                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       166427                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::cpu01.inst       166427                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total       166427                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::cpu01.inst       166427                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total       166427                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu01.inst     22708428                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     22708428                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::cpu01.inst     22708428                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total     22708428                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::cpu01.inst     22708428                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total     22708428                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu01.inst     0.007329                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.007329                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu01.inst     0.007329                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.007329                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu01.inst     0.007329                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.007329                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.writebacks::writebacks       165915                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.icache.writebacks::total          165915                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.icache.replacements               165915                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walks                   14953                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walksLong               14953                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        14953                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         14953    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        14953                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples    998210968                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walksPending::0     998210968    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walksPending::total    998210968                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        13994     98.08%     98.08% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          185      1.30%     99.38% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G           89      0.62%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        14268                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        14953                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        14953                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        14268                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        14268                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        29221                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                    5869521                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                    13777                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                   4138276                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                    1176                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10770                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    76                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                    522                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                  442                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                     254                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                5883298                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses               4139452                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                        10007797                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                         14953                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                    10022750                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walks                   31034                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walksLong               31034                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        31034                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         31034    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        31034                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walksPending::samples    997405968                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walksPending::0     997405968    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walksPending::total    997405968                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        30653     99.54%     99.54% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          143      0.46%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        30796                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        31034                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        31034                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        30796                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        30796                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        61830                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                   26571180                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                    31034                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10770                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    76                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                    192                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses               26602214                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                        26571180                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                         31034                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                    26602214                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numPwrStateTransitions              1145                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          573                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   9449695799566.951172                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  90683028745624.796875                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          343     59.86%     59.86% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10          181     31.59%     91.45% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::2.5e+11-3e+11            1      0.17%     91.62% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::5e+11-5.5e+11            1      0.17%     91.80% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows           47      8.20%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          501                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 2117354971530000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           573                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  847005607306137                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 5414675693151863                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.numCycles                   21782898767991                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu02.kern.inst.quiesce                    573                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                  26599664                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                    31301119                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.committedUserInsts               9024300                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses            28900415                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_vec_alu_accesses               88608                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                   1448481                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts      4076496                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                   28900415                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_vec_insts                      88608                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads          40725963                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes         23171609                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_vec_register_reads            119004                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu02.num_vec_register_writes            66714                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu02.num_cc_register_reads            7463409                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu02.num_cc_register_writes           7355133                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                    10004515                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                   5866521                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                  4137994                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles             21782844319258.746094                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles             54448732.252976                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction               0.000002                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                   0.999998                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.Branches                         5800144                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu02.op_class::No_OpClass                3087      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IntAlu                21176139     67.65%     67.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IntMult                  51821      0.17%     67.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IntDiv                   11910      0.04%     67.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatAdd                     5      0.00%     67.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     67.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatCvt                     5      0.00%     67.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMult                    1      0.00%     67.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     67.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatDiv                     2      0.00%     67.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMisc                    6      0.00%     67.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     67.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAdd                  10687      0.03%     67.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     67.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAlu                  22423      0.07%     67.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdCmp                  12348      0.04%     68.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     68.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdMisc                 10482      0.03%     68.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     68.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     68.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     68.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     68.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     68.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     68.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     68.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     68.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     68.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     68.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     68.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     68.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     68.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     68.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                5866521     18.74%     86.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite               4137994     13.22%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::total                 31303431                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         315.772525                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.total_refs           9966601                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          302742                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.avg_refs           32.921104                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    7594113010336500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.data   315.772525                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.616743                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.616743                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          360                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          360                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.703125                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        20332080                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.data_accesses       20332080                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu02.data      5422506                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       5422506                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu02.data      3884815                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3884815                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu02.data        96525                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        96525                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu02.data         3371                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         3371                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu02.data       124346                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       124346                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu02.data       120439                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       120439                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::cpu02.data      9310692                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total        9310692                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::cpu02.data      9407217                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total       9407217                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu02.data       227311                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       227311                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu02.data        55485                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        55485                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu02.data         7304                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         7304                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu02.data        17806                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        17806                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu02.data         1391                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1391                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu02.data         5178                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         5178                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::cpu02.data       300602                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total       300602                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::cpu02.data       307906                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total       307906                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu02.data      5649817                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      5649817                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu02.data      3940300                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3940300                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu02.data       103829                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total       103829                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu02.data        21177                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        21177                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu02.data       125737                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       125737                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu02.data       125617                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       125617                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu02.data      9611294                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total      9611294                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu02.data      9715123                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total      9715123                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.040233                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.040233                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.014081                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.014081                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.070346                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.070346                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.840818                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.840818                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.011063                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.011063                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.041221                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.041221                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.031276                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.031276                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.031693                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.031693                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       167289                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total          167289                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements               296051                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.icache.tags.tagsinuse         442.744019                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.tags.total_refs          26601976                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.tags.sampled_refs          409398                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.tags.avg_refs           64.978275                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    7594113010331500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   442.744019                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.864734                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.864734                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu02.icache.tags.tag_accesses        53613350                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu02.icache.tags.data_accesses       53613350                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu02.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu02.inst     26192578                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      26192578                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::cpu02.inst     26192578                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total       26192578                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::cpu02.inst     26192578                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total      26192578                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu02.inst       409398                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       409398                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::cpu02.inst       409398                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total       409398                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::cpu02.inst       409398                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total       409398                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu02.inst     26601976                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     26601976                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::cpu02.inst     26601976                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total     26601976                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::cpu02.inst     26601976                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total     26601976                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu02.inst     0.015390                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015390                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu02.inst     0.015390                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.015390                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu02.inst     0.015390                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.015390                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.writebacks::writebacks       408886                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.icache.writebacks::total          408886                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.icache.replacements               408886                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walks                    4083                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walksLong                4083                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples         4083                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0          4083    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total         4083                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples  -1072826328                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walksPending::0   -1072826328    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walksPending::total  -1072826328                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K         3267     98.73%     98.73% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           32      0.97%     99.70% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G           10      0.30%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total         3309                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data         4083                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total         4083                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data         3309                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total         3309                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total         7392                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                    2310077                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                     3702                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                   1556655                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                     381                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10770                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    76                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                    217                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                  192                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                      76                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                2313779                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses               1557036                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                         3866732                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                          4083                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                     3870815                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walks                   13986                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walksLong               13986                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        13986                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         13986    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        13986                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walksPending::samples  -1125337828                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walksPending::0   -1125337828    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walksPending::total  -1125337828                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        13753     99.37%     99.37% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           87      0.63%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        13840                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        13986                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        13986                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        13840                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        13840                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        27826                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                   10755763                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                    13986                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10770                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    76                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                    217                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses               10769749                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                        10755763                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                         13986                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                    10769749                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numPwrStateTransitions               483                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          242                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   25874690332677.863281                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  147281946001232.718750                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows           95     39.26%     39.26% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           88     36.36%     75.62% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::2.5e+11-3e+11            1      0.41%     76.03% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::4e+11-4.5e+11            1      0.41%     76.45% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows           57     23.55%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          501                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 2098183158711000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           242                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    6239949957                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 6261675060508043                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.numCycles                   21821242393298                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu03.kern.inst.quiesce                    242                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                  10768317                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                    12478537                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.committedUserInsts               2691763                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses            11392691                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                   16                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_vec_alu_accesses               14808                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                    614015                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts      1924724                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                   11392691                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                          16                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_vec_insts                      14808                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads          15879934                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes          9052810                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                 16                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_vec_register_reads             15302                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu03.num_vec_register_writes             6086                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu03.num_cc_register_reads            3289654                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu03.num_cc_register_writes           3220439                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                     3864215                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                   2307359                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                  1556856                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles             21821220647821.699219                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles             21745476.300648                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction               0.000001                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                   0.999999                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.Branches                         2627575                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu03.op_class::No_OpClass                 241      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IntAlu                 8590076     68.83%     68.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IntMult                  18670      0.15%     68.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IntDiv                    2855      0.02%     69.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     69.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     69.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     69.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     69.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     69.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     69.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     69.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     69.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAdd                    680      0.01%     69.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     69.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAlu                   1403      0.01%     69.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdCmp                    964      0.01%     69.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     69.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdMisc                   719      0.01%     69.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     69.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     69.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     69.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     69.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     69.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     69.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     69.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     69.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     69.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     69.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     69.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     69.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     69.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     69.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                2307359     18.49%     87.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite               1556840     12.47%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMemWrite               16      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::total                 12479823                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         358.979857                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.total_refs           3860306                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          116690                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.avg_refs           33.081721                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   358.979857                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.701133                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.701133                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          381                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          381                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.744141                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         7850870                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.data_accesses        7850870                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu03.data      2129751                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2129751                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu03.data      1463746                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1463746                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu03.data        42604                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        42604                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu03.data          958                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total          958                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu03.data        50756                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        50756                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu03.data        47901                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        47901                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::cpu03.data      3594455                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total        3594455                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::cpu03.data      3637059                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total       3637059                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu03.data        84963                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        84963                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu03.data        23476                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        23476                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu03.data         3011                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         3011                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu03.data         9224                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total         9224                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu03.data          568                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          568                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu03.data         3348                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         3348                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::cpu03.data       117663                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total       117663                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::cpu03.data       120674                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total       120674                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu03.data      2214714                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2214714                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu03.data      1487222                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1487222                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu03.data        45615                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        45615                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu03.data        10182                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        10182                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu03.data        51324                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        51324                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu03.data        51249                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        51249                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu03.data      3712118                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total      3712118                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu03.data      3757733                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total      3757733                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.038363                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038363                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.015785                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.015785                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.066009                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.066009                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.905912                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.905912                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.011067                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.011067                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.065328                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.065328                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.031697                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.031697                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.032114                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.032114                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        65143                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total           65143                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements               111855                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.icache.tags.tagsinuse         468.714898                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.tags.total_refs          10769603                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.tags.sampled_refs          168336                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.tags.avg_refs           63.976826                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst   468.714898                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.915459                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.915459                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu03.icache.tags.tag_accesses        21707542                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu03.icache.tags.data_accesses       21707542                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu03.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu03.inst     10601267                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10601267                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::cpu03.inst     10601267                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total       10601267                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::cpu03.inst     10601267                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total      10601267                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu03.inst       168336                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       168336                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::cpu03.inst       168336                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total       168336                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::cpu03.inst       168336                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total       168336                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu03.inst     10769603                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10769603                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::cpu03.inst     10769603                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total     10769603                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::cpu03.inst     10769603                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total     10769603                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu03.inst     0.015631                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015631                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu03.inst     0.015631                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.015631                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu03.inst     0.015631                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.015631                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.writebacks::writebacks       167824                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.icache.writebacks::total          167824                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.icache.replacements               167824                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walks                  198658                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walksLong              198658                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples       198658                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0        198658    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total       198658                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples     15751648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walksPending::0      15751648    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walksPending::total     15751648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K       188456     98.46%     98.46% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M         2687      1.40%     99.86% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G          263      0.14%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total       191406                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data       198658                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total       198658                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data       191406                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total       191406                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total       390064                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                  370601990                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                   175765                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                 365675314                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                   22893                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10770                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    76                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                    267                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                 6117                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                     129                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses              370777755                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses             365698207                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                       736277304                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                        198658                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                   736475962                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walks                  325436                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walksLong              325436                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples       325436                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0        325436    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total       325436                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walksPending::samples     15759148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walksPending::0      15759148    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walksPending::total     15759148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K       322618     99.16%     99.16% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M         2731      0.84%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total       325349                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst       325436                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total       325436                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst       325349                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total       325349                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total       650785                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                 6752767590                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                   325436                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10770                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    76                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                    171                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses             6753093026                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                      6752767590                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                        325436                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                  6753093026                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numPwrStateTransitions              5017                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         2509                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   2494225750343.305176                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  11127391795197.019531                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          204      8.13%      8.13% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         2097     83.58%     91.71% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::3.5e+11-4e+11            1      0.04%     91.75% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::4e+11-4.5e+11            1      0.04%     91.79% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::4.5e+11-5e+11            2      0.08%     91.87% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::5e+11-5.5e+11            2      0.08%     91.95% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::9e+11-9.5e+11            1      0.04%     91.99% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::9.5e+11-1e+12            2      0.08%     92.07% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows          199      7.93%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 85332409769192                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::total          2509                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  3668892846647                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 6258012407611353                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.numCycles                   25976775234228                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu04.kern.inst.quiesce                   2509                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                6753075266                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                  7337769727                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.committedUserInsts            6680646702                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses          6636202081                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                   16                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_vec_alu_accesses             1700163                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                 464846761                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts    747531351                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                 6636202081                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                          16                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_vec_insts                    1700163                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads        9514347986                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes       4607363560                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                 16                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_vec_register_reads           2478423                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu04.num_vec_register_writes          1509404                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu04.num_cc_register_reads        21681590439                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu04.num_cc_register_writes        4688941548                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                   759232595                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                 394110496                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                365122099                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles             25961554720758.386719                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles             15220513469.613552                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction               0.000586                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                   0.999414                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.Branches                      1195090503                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu04.op_class::No_OpClass               73816      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IntAlu              6510773686     88.73%     88.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IntMult               61768823      0.84%     89.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IntDiv                   76948      0.00%     89.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     89.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     89.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     89.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     89.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     89.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     89.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     89.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     89.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAdd                 247071      0.00%     89.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     89.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAlu                 527681      0.01%     89.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdCmp                 295264      0.00%     89.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     89.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdMisc                247521      0.00%     89.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     89.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     89.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     89.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     89.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     89.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     89.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     89.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     89.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     89.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     89.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatMisc          4543995      0.06%     89.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     89.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     89.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     89.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead              394110496      5.37%     95.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite             365122083      4.98%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMemWrite               16      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::total               7337787400                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         423.406523                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.total_refs         736454358                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         1908609                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.avg_refs          385.859208                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.data   423.406523                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.826966                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.826966                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          330                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          330                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.644531                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.tag_accesses      1474825517                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.data_accesses     1474825517                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu04.data    368622215                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total     368622215                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu04.data    364052131                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total    364052131                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu04.data       199949                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total       199949                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu04.data        13878                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total        13878                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu04.data       810888                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       810888                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu04.data       792275                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       792275                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::cpu04.data    732688224                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total      732688224                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::cpu04.data    732888173                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total     732888173                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu04.data      1092486                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1092486                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu04.data       276473                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       276473                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu04.data        37989                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        37989                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu04.data       522814                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total       522814                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu04.data         7494                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         7494                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu04.data        25766                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        25766                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::cpu04.data      1891773                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total      1891773                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::cpu04.data      1929762                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total      1929762                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu04.data    369714701                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    369714701                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu04.data    364328604                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    364328604                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu04.data       237938                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total       237938                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu04.data       536692                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total       536692                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu04.data       818382                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       818382                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu04.data       818041                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       818041                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu04.data    734579997                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total    734579997                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu04.data    734817935                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total    734817935                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.002955                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002955                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.000759                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000759                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.159659                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.159659                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.974142                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.974142                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.009157                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.009157                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.031497                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.031497                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.002575                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002575                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.002626                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002626                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      1212686                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total         1212686                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements              1875648                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.icache.tags.tagsinuse         511.642255                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.tags.total_refs        6753092939                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.tags.sampled_refs         3969344                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.tags.avg_refs         1701.312091                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst   511.642255                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.999301                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999301                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu04.icache.tags.tag_accesses     13510155222                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu04.icache.tags.data_accesses    13510155222                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu04.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu04.inst   6749123595                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total    6749123595                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::cpu04.inst   6749123595                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total     6749123595                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::cpu04.inst   6749123595                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total    6749123595                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu04.inst      3969344                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      3969344                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::cpu04.inst      3969344                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total      3969344                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::cpu04.inst      3969344                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total      3969344                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu04.inst   6753092939                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   6753092939                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::cpu04.inst   6753092939                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total   6753092939                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::cpu04.inst   6753092939                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total   6753092939                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu04.inst     0.000588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu04.inst     0.000588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu04.inst     0.000588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.writebacks::writebacks      3968832                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.icache.writebacks::total         3968832                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.icache.replacements              3968832                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walks                   95019                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walksLong               95019                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        95019                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         95019    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        95019                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples   -135308920                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walksPending::0    -135308920    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walksPending::total   -135308920                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        91297     98.41%     98.41% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M         1345      1.45%     99.86% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G          128      0.14%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        92770                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        95019                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        95019                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        92770                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        92770                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total       187789                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                   14479101                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                    90511                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                  10058472                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                    4508                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10770                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    76                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                   2124                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                 2826                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                     569                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses               14569612                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses              10062980                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                        24537573                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                         95019                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                    24632592                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walks                  153585                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walksLong              153585                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples       153585                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0        153585    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total       153585                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walksPending::samples   -135313920                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walksPending::0    -135313920    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walksPending::total   -135313920                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K       151973     99.14%     99.14% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M         1316      0.86%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total       153289                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst       153585                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total       153585                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst       153289                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total       153289                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total       306874                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                   66568613                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                   153585                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10770                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    76                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                   1732                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses               66722198                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                        66568613                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                        153585                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                    66722198                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numPwrStateTransitions              3071                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         1536                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   3525156451547.088379                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  18300834833320.398438                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          337     21.94%     21.94% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         1083     70.51%     92.45% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::2e+11-2.5e+11            3      0.20%     92.64% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::2.5e+11-3e+11            1      0.07%     92.71% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::7e+11-7.5e+11            2      0.13%     92.84% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows          110      7.16%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 453671348787000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::total          1536                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  847040990881672                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 5414640309576328                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.numCycles                   25941637772089                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu05.kern.inst.quiesce                   1536                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                  66713443                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                    78454978                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.committedUserInsts              29379743                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses            72037338                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_vec_alu_accesses              772360                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                   3749042                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts     10883562                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                   72037338                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_vec_insts                     772360                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads         100097458                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes         57120779                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_vec_register_reads           1108585                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu05.num_vec_register_writes           673009                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu05.num_cc_register_reads           18473269                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu05.num_cc_register_writes          18120699                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                    24585761                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                  14526649                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                 10059112                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles             25941475239619.320312                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles             162532469.679333                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction               0.000006                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                   0.999994                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.Branches                        15366562                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu05.op_class::No_OpClass               32687      0.04%      0.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IntAlu                53084009     67.65%     67.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IntMult                 140310      0.18%     67.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IntDiv                   39332      0.05%     67.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     67.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     67.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     67.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     67.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     67.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     67.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMisc                    6      0.00%     67.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     67.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAdd                 108773      0.14%     68.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     68.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAlu                 232410      0.30%     68.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdCmp                 130748      0.17%     68.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     68.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdMisc                109401      0.14%     68.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     68.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     68.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     68.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     68.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     68.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     68.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     68.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     68.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     68.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     68.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     68.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     68.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     68.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     68.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead               14526649     18.51%     87.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite              10059112     12.82%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::total                 78463437                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         367.721359                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.total_refs          24626157                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          817189                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.avg_refs           30.135204                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    7594124814277000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu05.data   367.721359                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.718206                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.718206                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          413                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          413                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.806641                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        50069503                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.data_accesses       50069503                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu05.data     13518263                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      13518263                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu05.data      9592607                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      9592607                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu05.data       163399                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total       163399                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu05.data        13211                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total        13211                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu05.data       249789                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       249789                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu05.data       233352                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       233352                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::cpu05.data     23124081                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total       23124081                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::cpu05.data     23287480                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total      23287480                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu05.data       606501                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       606501                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu05.data       148577                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       148577                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu05.data        22371                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        22371                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu05.data        52110                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        52110                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu05.data         4957                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         4957                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu05.data        21020                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        21020                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::cpu05.data       807188                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total       807188                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::cpu05.data       829559                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total       829559                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu05.data     14124764                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     14124764                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu05.data      9741184                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      9741184                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu05.data       185770                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total       185770                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu05.data        65321                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        65321                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu05.data       254746                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       254746                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu05.data       254372                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       254372                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu05.data     23931269                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total     23931269                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu05.data     24117039                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total     24117039                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.042939                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.042939                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.015252                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.015252                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.120423                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.120423                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.797753                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.797753                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.019459                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.019459                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.082635                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.082635                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.033729                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.033729                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.034397                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.034397                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       385154                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total          385154                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements               797456                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.icache.tags.tagsinuse         442.743056                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.tags.total_refs          66721902                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.tags.sampled_refs         1461988                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.tags.avg_refs           45.637790                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    7594124814272000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   442.743056                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.864733                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.864733                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu05.icache.tags.tag_accesses       134905792                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu05.icache.tags.data_accesses      134905792                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu05.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu05.inst     65259914                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      65259914                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::cpu05.inst     65259914                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total       65259914                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::cpu05.inst     65259914                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total      65259914                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu05.inst      1461988                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      1461988                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::cpu05.inst      1461988                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total      1461988                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::cpu05.inst      1461988                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total      1461988                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu05.inst     66721902                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     66721902                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::cpu05.inst     66721902                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total     66721902                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::cpu05.inst     66721902                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total     66721902                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu05.inst     0.021912                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021912                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu05.inst     0.021912                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.021912                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu05.inst     0.021912                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.021912                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.writebacks::writebacks      1461476                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.icache.writebacks::total         1461476                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.icache.replacements              1461476                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walks                    9680                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walksLong                9680                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples         9680                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0          9680    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total         9680                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples    763121172                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walksPending::0     763121172    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walksPending::total    763121172                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K         8182     98.73%     98.73% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           85      1.03%     99.76% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G           20      0.24%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total         8287                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data         9680                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total         9680                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data         8287                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total         8287                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        17967                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                    3826510                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                     9009                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                   2195546                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                     671                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10770                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    76                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                    322                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                  131                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                     146                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                3835519                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses               2196217                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                         6022056                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                          9680                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                     6031736                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walks                   13091                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walksLong               13091                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        13091                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         13091    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        13091                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walksPending::samples    708898172                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walksPending::0     708898172    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walksPending::total    708898172                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        12905     99.78%     99.78% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           28      0.22%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        12933                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        13091                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        13091                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        12933                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        12933                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        26024                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                   17169057                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                    13091                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10770                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    76                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                    128                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses               17182148                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                        17169057                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                         13091                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                    17182148                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numPwrStateTransitions               333                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          167                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   37495038644617.429688                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  308857111297751.437500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows           71     42.51%     42.51% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           92     55.09%     97.60% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::3e+11-3.5e+11            1      0.60%     98.20% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows            3      1.80%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          501                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 3297144170437000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           167                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    9846806889                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 6261671453651111                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.numCycles                   21783738757921                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu06.kern.inst.quiesce                    167                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                  17179770                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                    19691281                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.committedUserInsts               9289413                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses            17842307                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_vec_alu_accesses               20513                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                    679684                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts      3407504                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                   17842307                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_vec_insts                      20513                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads          24289985                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes         14187860                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_vec_register_reads             22032                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu06.num_vec_register_writes            11773                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu06.num_cc_register_reads            5794227                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu06.num_cc_register_writes           5762844                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                     6020897                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                   3825350                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                  2195547                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles             21783704501937.542969                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles             34255983.455529                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction               0.000002                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                   0.999998                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.Branches                         4253727                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu06.op_class::No_OpClass                 492      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IntAlu                13624730     69.18%     69.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IntMult                  33550      0.17%     69.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IntDiv                    6258      0.03%     69.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     69.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     69.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     69.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     69.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     69.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     69.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMisc                    2      0.00%     69.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     69.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAdd                   1351      0.01%     69.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     69.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAlu                   2835      0.01%     69.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdCmp                   1968      0.01%     69.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     69.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdMisc                  1418      0.01%     69.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     69.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     69.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     69.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     69.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     69.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     69.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     69.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     69.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     69.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     69.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     69.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     69.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     69.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     69.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                3825350     19.42%     88.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite               2195547     11.15%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::total                 19693501                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         358.433593                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.total_refs           6029270                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          162359                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.avg_refs           37.135422                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.data   358.433593                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.700066                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.700066                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          401                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          401                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.783203                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        12222051                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.data_accesses       12222051                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu06.data      3585114                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3585114                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu06.data      2082025                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      2082025                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu06.data        52003                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        52003                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu06.data         1294                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         1294                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu06.data        71449                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        71449                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu06.data        67756                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        67756                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::cpu06.data      5668433                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total        5668433                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::cpu06.data      5720436                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total       5720436                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu06.data       122199                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       122199                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu06.data        27382                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        27382                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu06.data         2677                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         2677                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu06.data        12569                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        12569                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu06.data          616                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          616                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu06.data         4186                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         4186                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::cpu06.data       162150                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total       162150                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::cpu06.data       164827                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total       164827                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu06.data      3707313                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3707313                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu06.data      2109407                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      2109407                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu06.data        54680                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        54680                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu06.data        13863                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        13863                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu06.data        72065                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        72065                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu06.data        71942                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        71942                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu06.data      5830583                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total      5830583                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu06.data      5885263                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total      5885263                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.032962                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.032962                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.012981                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.012981                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.048958                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.048958                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.906658                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.906658                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.008548                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.008548                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.058186                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.058186                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.027810                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.027810                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.028007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.028007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        84350                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total           84350                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements               159659                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.icache.tags.tagsinuse         468.714804                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.tags.total_refs          17181990                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.tags.sampled_refs          140645                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.tags.avg_refs          122.165665                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst   468.714804                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.915459                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.915459                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu06.icache.tags.tag_accesses        34504625                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu06.icache.tags.data_accesses       34504625                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu06.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu06.inst     17041345                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      17041345                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::cpu06.inst     17041345                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total       17041345                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::cpu06.inst     17041345                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total      17041345                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu06.inst       140645                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       140645                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::cpu06.inst       140645                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total       140645                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::cpu06.inst       140645                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total       140645                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu06.inst     17181990                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     17181990                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::cpu06.inst     17181990                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total     17181990                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::cpu06.inst     17181990                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total     17181990                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu06.inst     0.008186                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008186                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu06.inst     0.008186                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008186                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu06.inst     0.008186                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008186                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.writebacks::writebacks       140133                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.icache.writebacks::total          140133                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.icache.replacements               140133                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walks                    4168                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walksLong                4168                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples         4168                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0          4168    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total         4168                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples  -1456494124                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walksPending::0   -1456494124    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walksPending::total  -1456494124                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K         3845     97.84%     97.84% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           68      1.73%     99.57% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G           17      0.43%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total         3930                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data         4168                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total         4168                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data         3930                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total         3930                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total         8098                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                    2712145                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                     3542                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                   2462550                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                     626                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10770                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    76                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                    735                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                  124                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                     175                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                2715687                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses               2463176                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                         5174695                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                          4168                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                     5178863                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walks                   12159                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walksLong               12159                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        12159                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         12159    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        12159                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walksPending::samples     15775648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walksPending::0      15775648    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walksPending::total     15775648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        12028     99.41%     99.41% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           71      0.59%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        12099                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        12159                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        12159                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        12099                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        12099                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        24258                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                   13338061                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                    12159                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10770                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    76                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                    676                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses               13350220                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                        13338061                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                         12159                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                    13350220                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numPwrStateTransitions               533                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          267                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   23451960279131.921875                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  33082723161628.796875                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows           84     31.46%     31.46% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           76     28.46%     59.93% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows          107     40.07%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 85332409838192                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           267                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    7905929777                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 6261673394528223                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.numCycles                   25954061661299                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu07.kern.inst.quiesce                    267                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                  13349031                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                    15810755                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.committedUserInsts               7074302                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses            14578037                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_vec_alu_accesses               69840                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                    730070                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts      1903598                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                   14578037                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_vec_insts                      69840                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads          19862917                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes         11385948                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_vec_register_reads             92686                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu07.num_vec_register_writes            51547                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu07.num_cc_register_reads            3515811                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu07.num_cc_register_writes           3463705                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                     5172486                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                   2709821                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                  2462665                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles             25954028892028.332031                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles             32769270.669610                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction               0.000001                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                   0.999999                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.Branches                         2859082                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu07.op_class::No_OpClass                2558      0.02%      0.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IntAlu                10565240     66.82%     66.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IntMult                  23351      0.15%     66.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IntDiv                    4789      0.03%     67.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     67.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatCmp                     1      0.00%     67.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatCvt                     2      0.00%     67.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     67.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     67.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatDiv                     1      0.00%     67.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     67.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     67.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAdd                   7934      0.05%     67.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAlu                  16441      0.10%     67.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdCmp                  10232      0.06%     67.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     67.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdMisc                  8849      0.06%     67.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     67.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     67.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     67.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     67.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     67.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     67.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     67.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     67.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     67.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     67.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     67.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     67.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     67.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     67.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                2709821     17.14%     84.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite               2462665     15.57%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::total                 15811884                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         399.334482                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.total_refs           5175446                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          113106                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.avg_refs           45.757484                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   399.334482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.779950                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.779950                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          439                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          439                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.857422                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        10467966                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.data_accesses       10467966                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu07.data      2574739                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2574739                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu07.data      2391436                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      2391436                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu07.data        27545                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        27545                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu07.data         1998                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         1998                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu07.data        30911                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        30911                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu07.data        28856                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        28856                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::cpu07.data      4968173                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total        4968173                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::cpu07.data      4995718                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total       4995718                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu07.data        79129                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        79129                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu07.data        24153                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        24153                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu07.data         2402                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         2402                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu07.data        11601                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        11601                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu07.data          351                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          351                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu07.data         2325                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         2325                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::cpu07.data       114883                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total       114883                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::cpu07.data       117285                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total       117285                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu07.data      2653868                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2653868                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu07.data      2415589                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      2415589                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu07.data        29947                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        29947                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu07.data        13599                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        13599                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu07.data        31262                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        31262                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu07.data        31181                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        31181                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu07.data      5083056                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total      5083056                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu07.data      5113003                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total      5113003                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.029816                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.029816                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.009999                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.009999                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.080208                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.080208                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.853077                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.853077                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.011228                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.011228                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.074565                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.074565                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.022601                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.022601                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.022939                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.022939                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        62973                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total           62973                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements               107645                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.icache.tags.tagsinuse         504.181226                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.tags.total_refs          13350160                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.tags.sampled_refs          163259                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.tags.avg_refs           81.772888                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst   504.181226                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.984729                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.984729                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu07.icache.tags.tag_accesses        26863579                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu07.icache.tags.data_accesses       26863579                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu07.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu07.inst     13186901                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13186901                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::cpu07.inst     13186901                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total       13186901                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::cpu07.inst     13186901                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total      13186901                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu07.inst       163259                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       163259                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::cpu07.inst       163259                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total       163259                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::cpu07.inst       163259                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total       163259                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu07.inst     13350160                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13350160                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::cpu07.inst     13350160                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total     13350160                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::cpu07.inst     13350160                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total     13350160                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu07.inst     0.012229                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.012229                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu07.inst     0.012229                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012229                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu07.inst     0.012229                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012229                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.writebacks::writebacks       162747                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.icache.writebacks::total          162747                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.icache.replacements               162747                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walks                    8706                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walksLong                8706                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples         8706                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0          8706    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total         8706                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples    345927376                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walksPending::0     345927376    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walksPending::total    345927376                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K         7765     98.94%     98.94% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           63      0.80%     99.75% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G           20      0.25%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total         7848                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data         8706                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total         8706                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data         7848                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total         7848                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        16554                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                    3479403                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                     7988                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                   2141718                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                     718                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10770                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    76                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                    897                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                  185                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                     248                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                3487391                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses               2142436                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                         5621121                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                          8706                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                     5629827                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walks                   11310                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walksLong               11310                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        11310                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         11310    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        11310                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walksPending::samples    297437376                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walksPending::0     297437376    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walksPending::total    297437376                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        11092     99.34%     99.34% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           74      0.66%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        11166                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        11310                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        11310                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        11166                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        11166                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        22476                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                   15273350                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                    11310                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10770                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    76                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                    703                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses               15284660                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                        15273350                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                         11310                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                    15284660                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numPwrStateTransitions               557                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          279                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   22443270410900.886719                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  138562490314921.328125                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          125     44.80%     44.80% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10          111     39.78%     84.59% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::3.5e+11-4e+11            1      0.36%     84.95% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows           42     15.05%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 2116934979843500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           279                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    8855816653                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 6261672444641347                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.numCycles                   21783738751070                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu08.kern.inst.quiesce                    279                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                  15282884                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                    17709942                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.committedUserInsts               7820584                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses            16245944                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_vec_alu_accesses               45204                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                    677441                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts      2685112                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                   16245944                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_vec_insts                      45204                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads          22080663                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes         12925064                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_vec_register_reads             60161                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu08.num_vec_register_writes            36195                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu08.num_cc_register_reads            4589115                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu08.num_cc_register_writes           4541484                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                     5617688                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                   3475760                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                  2141928                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles             21783707942638.636719                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles             30808431.362489                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction               0.000001                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                   0.999999                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.Branches                         3527283                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu08.op_class::No_OpClass                1748      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IntAlu                12028136     67.91%     67.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IntMult                  28208      0.16%     68.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IntDiv                    6413      0.04%     68.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     68.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     68.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     68.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     68.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     68.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     68.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMisc                    2      0.00%     68.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     68.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAdd                   5454      0.03%     68.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     68.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAlu                  11378      0.06%     68.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdCmp                   6992      0.04%     68.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     68.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdMisc                  5555      0.03%     68.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     68.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     68.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     68.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     68.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     68.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     68.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     68.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     68.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     68.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     68.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     68.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     68.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     68.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     68.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                3475760     19.62%     87.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite               2141928     12.09%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::total                 17711574                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         350.408825                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.total_refs           5628219                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          156536                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.avg_refs           35.954790                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.data   350.408825                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.684392                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.684392                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          362                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          362                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.707031                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        11412974                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.data_accesses       11412974                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu08.data      3256571                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3256571                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu08.data      2032462                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      2032462                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu08.data        48565                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        48565                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu08.data          848                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total          848                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu08.data        64120                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        64120                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu08.data        59054                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        59054                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::cpu08.data      5289881                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total        5289881                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::cpu08.data      5338446                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total       5338446                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu08.data       113345                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       113345                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu08.data        30732                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        30732                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu08.data         3155                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         3155                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu08.data        13248                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        13248                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu08.data          588                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          588                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu08.data         5531                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         5531                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::cpu08.data       157325                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total       157325                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::cpu08.data       160480                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total       160480                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu08.data      3369916                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3369916                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu08.data      2063194                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      2063194                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu08.data        51720                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        51720                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu08.data        14096                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        14096                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu08.data        64708                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        64708                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu08.data        64585                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        64585                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu08.data      5447206                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total      5447206                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu08.data      5498926                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total      5498926                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.033634                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.033634                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.014895                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.014895                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.061002                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.061002                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.939841                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.939841                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.009087                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.009087                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.085639                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.085639                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.028882                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.028882                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.029184                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.029184                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        82914                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total           82914                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements               151612                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.icache.tags.tagsinuse         468.714605                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.tags.total_refs          15284516                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.tags.sampled_refs          128972                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.tags.avg_refs          118.510343                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst   468.714605                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.915458                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.915458                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu08.icache.tags.tag_accesses        30698004                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu08.icache.tags.data_accesses       30698004                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu08.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu08.inst     15155544                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      15155544                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::cpu08.inst     15155544                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total       15155544                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::cpu08.inst     15155544                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total      15155544                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu08.inst       128972                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       128972                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::cpu08.inst       128972                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total       128972                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::cpu08.inst       128972                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total       128972                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu08.inst     15284516                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     15284516                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::cpu08.inst     15284516                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total     15284516                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::cpu08.inst     15284516                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total     15284516                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu08.inst     0.008438                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008438                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu08.inst     0.008438                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008438                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu08.inst     0.008438                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008438                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.writebacks::writebacks       128460                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.icache.writebacks::total          128460                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.icache.replacements               128460                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walks                   13914                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walksLong               13914                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        13914                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         13914    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        13914                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples    629877376                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walksPending::0     629877376    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walksPending::total    629877376                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        12697     98.69%     98.69% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          132      1.03%     99.71% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G           37      0.29%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        12866                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        13914                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        13914                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        12866                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        12866                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        26780                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                    5016341                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                    12951                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                   2979916                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                     963                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10770                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    76                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                    583                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                  182                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                     273                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                5029292                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses               2980879                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                         7996257                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                         13914                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                     8010171                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walks                   15041                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walksLong               15041                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        15041                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         15041    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        15041                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walksPending::samples    581663876                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walksPending::0     581663876    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walksPending::total    581663876                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        14759     99.62%     99.62% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           57      0.38%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        14816                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        15041                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        15041                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        14816                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        14816                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        29857                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                   21659692                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                    15041                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10770                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    76                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                    252                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses               21674733                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                        21659692                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                         15041                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                    21674733                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numPwrStateTransitions               471                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          236                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   26532494477116.011719                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  221869707713298.968750                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows           90     38.14%     38.14% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10          116     49.15%     87.29% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::2.5e+11-3e+11            1      0.42%     87.71% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows           29     12.29%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 3292298219114500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           236                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   12603858621                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 6261668696599379                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.numCycles                   25917198213452                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu09.kern.inst.quiesce                    236                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                  21672418                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                    25205477                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.committedUserInsts              11671936                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses            23191892                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_vec_alu_accesses               26117                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                    906262                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts      3769798                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                   23191892                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_vec_insts                      26117                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads          31577263                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes         18561066                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_vec_register_reads             28886                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu09.num_vec_register_writes            16163                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu09.num_cc_register_reads            6586101                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu09.num_cc_register_writes           6519561                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                     7988573                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                   5008571                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                  2980002                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles             25917146045922.660156                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles             52167529.340548                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction               0.000002                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                   0.999998                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.Branches                         4903556                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu09.op_class::No_OpClass                 675      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IntAlu                17150025     68.04%     68.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IntMult                  46577      0.18%     68.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IntDiv                   10961      0.04%     68.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     68.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     68.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     68.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     68.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     68.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     68.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMisc                    4      0.00%     68.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     68.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAdd                   1951      0.01%     68.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     68.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAlu                   4140      0.02%     68.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdCmp                   2700      0.01%     68.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     68.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdMisc                  1961      0.01%     68.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     68.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     68.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     68.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     68.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     68.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     68.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     68.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     68.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     68.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     68.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     68.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     68.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     68.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     68.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                5008571     19.87%     88.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite               2980002     11.82%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::total                 25207567                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         354.678226                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.total_refs           8007443                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          239067                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.avg_refs           33.494556                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.data   354.678226                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.692731                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.692731                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          447                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          447                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.873047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        16255745                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.data_accesses       16255745                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu09.data      4676918                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       4676918                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu09.data      2828198                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      2828198                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu09.data        69268                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        69268                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu09.data         1563                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         1563                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu09.data        93957                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        93957                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu09.data        87253                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        87253                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::cpu09.data      7506679                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total        7506679                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::cpu09.data      7575947                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total       7575947                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu09.data       183403                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       183403                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu09.data        40797                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        40797                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu09.data         3934                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         3934                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu09.data        14349                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        14349                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu09.data          627                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          627                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu09.data         7176                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         7176                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::cpu09.data       238549                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total       238549                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::cpu09.data       242483                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total       242483                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu09.data      4860321                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      4860321                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu09.data      2868995                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      2868995                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu09.data        73202                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        73202                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu09.data        15912                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        15912                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu09.data        94584                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        94584                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu09.data        94429                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        94429                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu09.data      7745228                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total      7745228                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu09.data      7818430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total      7818430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.037735                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.037735                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.014220                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.014220                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.053742                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.053742                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.901772                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.901772                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.006629                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.006629                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.075994                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.075994                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.030799                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.030799                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.031014                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.031014                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       121371                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total          121371                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements               234860                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.icache.tags.tagsinuse         468.714590                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.tags.total_refs          21674508                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.tags.sampled_refs          166140                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.tags.avg_refs          130.459299                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst   468.714590                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.915458                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.915458                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu09.icache.tags.tag_accesses        43515156                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu09.icache.tags.data_accesses       43515156                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu09.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu09.inst     21508368                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      21508368                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::cpu09.inst     21508368                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total       21508368                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::cpu09.inst     21508368                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total      21508368                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu09.inst       166140                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       166140                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::cpu09.inst       166140                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total       166140                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::cpu09.inst       166140                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total       166140                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu09.inst     21674508                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     21674508                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::cpu09.inst     21674508                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total     21674508                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::cpu09.inst     21674508                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total     21674508                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu09.inst     0.007665                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.007665                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu09.inst     0.007665                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.007665                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu09.inst     0.007665                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.007665                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.writebacks::writebacks       165628                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.icache.writebacks::total          165628                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.icache.replacements               165628                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walks                 2432631                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walksLong             2432631                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples      2432631                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0       2432631    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total      2432631                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples   1818983156                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walksPending::0    1818983156    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walksPending::total   1818983156                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K      2428593     99.98%     99.98% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          230      0.01%     99.99% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G          360      0.01%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total      2429183                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data      2432631                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total      2432631                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data      2429183                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total      2429183                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total      4861814                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                  146553399                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                  2288177                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                  72497863                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                  144454                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10770                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    76                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                    660                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                 1308                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                     202                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses              148841576                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses              72642317                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                       219051262                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                       2432631                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                   221483893                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walks                   37771                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walksLong               37771                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        37771                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         37771    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        37771                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walksPending::samples   1819289156                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walksPending::0    1819289156    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walksPending::total   1819289156                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        37514     99.68%     99.68% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          120      0.32%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        37634                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        37771                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        37771                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        37634                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        37634                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        75405                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                  647187187                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                    37771                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10770                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    76                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                    342                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses              647224958                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                       647187187                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                         37771                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                   647224958                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numPwrStateTransitions              1555                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          778                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   2721192095545.722168                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  14954389869287.080078                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          708     91.00%     91.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           45      5.78%     96.79% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows           25      3.21%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          501                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 85332409497692                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           778                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  4144593850123428                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 2117087450334572                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.numCycles                   25879542597519                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu10.kern.inst.quiesce                    778                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                 647220336                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                   739164762                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.committedUserInsts             601918937                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses           678904651                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_vec_alu_accesses              451863                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                  28623147                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts     81193032                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                  678904651                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_vec_insts                     451863                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads         924275405                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes        582685751                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_vec_register_reads            573832                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu10.num_vec_register_writes           391798                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu10.num_cc_register_reads          229419372                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu10.num_cc_register_writes         224853644                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                   221323011                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                 148687230                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                 72635781                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles             25878015103268.820312                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles             1527494250.180465                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction               0.000059                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                   0.999941                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.Branches                       119011106                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu10.op_class::No_OpClass               14438      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IntAlu               510066308     69.01%     69.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IntMult                7412634      1.00%     70.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IntDiv                   13838      0.00%     70.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     70.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatCmp                   206      0.00%     70.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatCvt                 61484      0.01%     70.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMult                 6950      0.00%     70.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMultAcc              6687      0.00%     70.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatDiv                 13637      0.00%     70.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMisc                13905      0.00%     70.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     70.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAdd                  41691      0.01%     70.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     70.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAlu                 103743      0.01%     70.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdCmp                  55720      0.01%     70.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     70.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdMisc                 34995      0.00%     70.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     70.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     70.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     70.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     70.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     70.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     70.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     70.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     70.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     70.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     70.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     70.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     70.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     70.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     70.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead              148687230     20.12%     90.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite              72635781      9.83%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::total                739169247                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         109.807362                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.total_refs         221470238                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         4714453                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.avg_refs           46.976868                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    10891347320240500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   109.807362                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.214468                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.214468                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          324                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          324                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.632812                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       447662353                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.data_accesses      447662353                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu10.data    144160273                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total     144160273                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu10.data     71499161                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     71499161                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu10.data       242293                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total       242293                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu10.data        64538                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total        64538                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu10.data       386954                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       386954                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu10.data       389210                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       389210                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::cpu10.data    215723972                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total      215723972                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::cpu10.data    215966265                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total     215966265                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu10.data      4024797                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      4024797                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu10.data       498289                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       498289                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu10.data        16074                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        16074                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu10.data       175931                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total       175931                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu10.data         7517                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         7517                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu10.data         5201                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         5201                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::cpu10.data      4699017                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total      4699017                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::cpu10.data      4715091                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total      4715091                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu10.data    148185070                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    148185070                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu10.data     71997450                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     71997450                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu10.data       258367                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total       258367                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu10.data       240469                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total       240469                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu10.data       394471                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       394471                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu10.data       394411                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       394411                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu10.data    220422989                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total    220422989                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu10.data    220681356                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total    220681356                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.027161                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.027161                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.006921                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006921                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.062214                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.062214                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.731616                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.731616                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.019056                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.019056                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.013187                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.013187                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.021318                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.021318                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.021366                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.021366                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       950950                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total          950950                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements              4706784                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.icache.tags.tagsinuse         173.138477                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.tags.total_refs         647224821                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.tags.sampled_refs          770887                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.tags.avg_refs          839.584558                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    10891347320235500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst   173.138477                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.338161                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.338161                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu10.icache.tags.tag_accesses      1295220529                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu10.icache.tags.data_accesses     1295220529                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu10.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu10.inst    646453934                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     646453934                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::cpu10.inst    646453934                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total      646453934                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::cpu10.inst    646453934                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total     646453934                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu10.inst       770887                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       770887                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::cpu10.inst       770887                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total       770887                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::cpu10.inst       770887                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total       770887                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu10.inst    647224821                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    647224821                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::cpu10.inst    647224821                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total    647224821                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::cpu10.inst    647224821                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total    647224821                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu10.inst     0.001191                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001191                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu10.inst     0.001191                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001191                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu10.inst     0.001191                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001191                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.writebacks::writebacks       770375                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.icache.writebacks::total          770375                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.icache.replacements               770375                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walks                   13115                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walksLong               13115                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        13115                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         13115    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        13115                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples  -1886977920                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walksPending::0   -1886977920    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walksPending::total  -1886977920                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        11982     98.69%     98.69% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          124      1.02%     99.71% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G           35      0.29%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        12141                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        13115                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        13115                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        12141                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        12141                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        25256                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                    4688314                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                    12232                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                   2752566                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                     883                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10770                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    76                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                    545                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                  172                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                     247                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                4700546                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses               2753449                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                         7440880                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                         13115                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                     7453995                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walks                   12529                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walksLong               12529                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        12529                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         12529    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        12529                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walksPending::samples  -1887607920                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walksPending::0   -1887607920    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walksPending::total  -1887607920                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        12291     99.63%     99.63% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           46      0.37%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        12337                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        12529                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        12529                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        12337                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        12337                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        24866                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                   20244791                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                    12529                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10770                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    76                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                    252                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses               20257320                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                        20244791                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                         12529                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                    20257320                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numPwrStateTransitions               369                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          185                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   29268484259159.222656                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  287060251883460.750000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows           80     43.24%     43.24% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10          101     54.59%     97.84% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::3e+11-3.5e+11            1      0.54%     98.38% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows            3      1.62%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          501                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 3292306977002500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           185                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  847011712513544                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 5414669587944456                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.numCycles                   21783730750583                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu11.kern.inst.quiesce                    185                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                  20255258                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                    23517230                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.committedUserInsts              11746399                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses            21611257                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_vec_alu_accesses               33328                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                    805343                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts      3567082                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                   21611257                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_vec_insts                      33328                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads          29355297                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes         17279247                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_vec_register_reads             40601                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu11.num_vec_register_writes            24031                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu11.num_cc_register_reads            6244374                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu11.num_cc_register_writes           6178137                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                     7435000                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                   4682411                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                  2752589                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles             21783689840139.804688                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles             40910443.194846                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction               0.000002                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                   0.999998                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.Branches                         4590684                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu11.op_class::No_OpClass                1113      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IntAlu                16012500     68.08%     68.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IntMult                  42245      0.18%     68.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IntDiv                   10388      0.04%     68.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     68.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     68.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     68.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     68.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     68.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     68.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMisc                    4      0.00%     68.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     68.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAdd                   3270      0.01%     68.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     68.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAlu                   6813      0.03%     68.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdCmp                   4452      0.02%     68.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     68.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdMisc                  3315      0.01%     68.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     68.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     68.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     68.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     68.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     68.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     68.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     68.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     68.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     68.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     68.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     68.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     68.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     68.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     68.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                4682411     19.91%     88.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite               2752589     11.70%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::total                 23519100                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         318.002809                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.total_refs           7452462                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          209612                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.avg_refs           35.553604                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    7594123007690500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   318.002809                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.621099                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.621099                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          399                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          399                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.779297                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        15114536                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.data_accesses       15114536                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu11.data      4392635                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       4392635                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu11.data      2619095                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      2619095                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu11.data        59349                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        59349                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu11.data         1262                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         1262                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu11.data        83460                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        83460                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu11.data        77377                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        77377                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::cpu11.data      7012992                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total        7012992                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::cpu11.data      7072341                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total       7072341                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu11.data       160444                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       160444                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu11.data        35887                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        35887                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu11.data         3130                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         3130                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu11.data        12819                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        12819                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu11.data          526                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          526                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu11.data         6478                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         6478                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::cpu11.data       209150                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total       209150                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::cpu11.data       212280                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total       212280                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu11.data      4553079                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      4553079                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu11.data      2654982                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      2654982                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu11.data        62479                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        62479                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu11.data        14081                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        14081                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu11.data        83986                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        83986                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu11.data        83855                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        83855                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu11.data      7222142                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total      7222142                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu11.data      7284621                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total      7284621                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.035239                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.035239                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.013517                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.013517                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.050097                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.050097                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.910376                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.910376                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.006263                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.006263                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.077252                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.077252                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.028960                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.028960                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.029141                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.029141                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       103540                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total          103540                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements               206305                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.icache.tags.tagsinuse         442.743200                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.tags.total_refs          20257128                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.tags.sampled_refs          140674                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.tags.avg_refs          144.000512                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    7594123007685500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   442.743200                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.864733                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.864733                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu11.icache.tags.tag_accesses        40654930                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu11.icache.tags.data_accesses       40654930                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu11.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu11.inst     20116454                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      20116454                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::cpu11.inst     20116454                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total       20116454                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::cpu11.inst     20116454                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total      20116454                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu11.inst       140674                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       140674                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::cpu11.inst       140674                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total       140674                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::cpu11.inst       140674                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total       140674                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu11.inst     20257128                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     20257128                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::cpu11.inst     20257128                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total     20257128                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::cpu11.inst     20257128                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total     20257128                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu11.inst     0.006944                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.006944                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu11.inst     0.006944                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006944                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu11.inst     0.006944                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006944                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.writebacks::writebacks       140162                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.icache.writebacks::total          140162                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.icache.replacements               140162                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walks                    8285                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walksLong                8285                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples         8285                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0          8285    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total         8285                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples  -1589149420                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walksPending::0   -1589149420    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walksPending::total  -1589149420                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K         5745     99.10%     99.10% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           51      0.88%     99.98% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G            1      0.02%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total         5797                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data         8285                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total         8285                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data         5797                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total         5797                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        14082                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                    3780831                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                     7622                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                   1982804                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                     663                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10770                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    76                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                    379                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                   99                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                     149                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                3788453                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses               1983467                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                         5763635                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                          8285                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                     5771920                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walks                   12635                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walksLong               12635                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        12635                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         12635    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        12635                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walksPending::samples  -1642141420                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walksPending::0   -1642141420    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walksPending::total  -1642141420                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        12419     99.75%     99.75% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           31      0.25%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        12450                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        12635                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        12635                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        12450                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        12450                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        25085                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                   17253931                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                    12635                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10770                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    76                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                    188                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses               17266566                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                        17253931                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                         12635                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                    17266566                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numPwrStateTransitions               451                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          226                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   23958722715515.359375                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  219990869716118.406250                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows           90     39.82%     39.82% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10          108     47.79%     87.61% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::3e+11-3.5e+11            1      0.44%     88.05% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows           27     11.95%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 3292307958650000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           226                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  847009966751529                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 5414671333706471                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.numCycles                   25879758577793                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu12.kern.inst.quiesce                    226                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                  17263046                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                    19424862                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.committedUserInsts               7972643                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses            17352265                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_vec_alu_accesses               23183                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                    700357                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts      3906922                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                   17352265                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_vec_insts                      23183                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads          23494441                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes         13621410                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_vec_register_reads             28199                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu12.num_vec_register_writes            16362                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu12.num_cc_register_reads            6226473                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu12.num_cc_register_writes           6196935                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                     5760690                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                   3777434                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                  1983256                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles             25879718428856.550781                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles             40148936.449499                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction               0.000002                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                   0.999998                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.Branches                         4735187                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu12.op_class::No_OpClass                 715      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IntAlu                13622494     70.12%     70.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IntMult                  29254      0.15%     70.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IntDiv                    2800      0.01%     70.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     70.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     70.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     70.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     70.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     70.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     70.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     70.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     70.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdAdd                   2305      0.01%     70.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     70.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdAlu                   4809      0.02%     70.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdCmp                   2860      0.01%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdMisc                  2270      0.01%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                3777434     19.44%     89.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite               1983256     10.21%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::total                 19428197                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         334.248311                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.total_refs           5768853                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          145730                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.avg_refs           39.585899                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    7594123307388000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.data   334.248311                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.652829                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.652829                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          366                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          366                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.714844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        11683436                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.data_accesses       11683436                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu12.data      3545452                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3545452                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu12.data      1870270                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1870270                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu12.data        61211                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        61211                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu12.data         1417                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         1417                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu12.data        69450                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        69450                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu12.data        65180                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        65180                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::cpu12.data      5417139                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total        5417139                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::cpu12.data      5478350                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total       5478350                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu12.data       105634                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       105634                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu12.data        27227                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        27227                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu12.data         3513                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         3513                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu12.data        14169                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        14169                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu12.data          602                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          602                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu12.data         4728                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         4728                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::cpu12.data       147030                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total       147030                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::cpu12.data       150543                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total       150543                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu12.data      3651086                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3651086                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu12.data      1897497                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1897497                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu12.data        64724                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        64724                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu12.data        15586                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        15586                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu12.data        70052                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        70052                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu12.data        69908                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        69908                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu12.data      5564169                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total      5564169                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu12.data      5628893                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total      5628893                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.028932                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.028932                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.014349                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.014349                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.054277                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.054277                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.909085                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.909085                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.008594                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.008594                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.067632                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.067632                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.026424                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.026424                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.026745                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.026745                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        82540                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total           82540                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements               142011                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.icache.tags.tagsinuse         442.743175                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.tags.total_refs          17266381                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.tags.sampled_refs          139211                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.tags.avg_refs          124.030292                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    7594123307383000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst   442.743175                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.864733                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.864733                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu12.icache.tags.tag_accesses        34671973                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu12.icache.tags.data_accesses       34671973                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu12.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu12.inst     17127170                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      17127170                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::cpu12.inst     17127170                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total       17127170                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::cpu12.inst     17127170                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total      17127170                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu12.inst       139211                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       139211                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::cpu12.inst       139211                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total       139211                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::cpu12.inst       139211                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total       139211                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu12.inst     17266381                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     17266381                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::cpu12.inst     17266381                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total     17266381                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::cpu12.inst     17266381                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total     17266381                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu12.inst     0.008063                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008063                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu12.inst     0.008063                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008063                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu12.inst     0.008063                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008063                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.writebacks::writebacks       138699                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.icache.writebacks::total          138699                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.icache.replacements               138699                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walks                   81175                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walksLong               81175                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        81175                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         81175    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        81175                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples    824199972                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walksPending::0     824199972    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walksPending::total    824199972                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        79776     98.28%     98.28% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M         1341      1.65%     99.93% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G           58      0.07%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        81175                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        81175                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        81175                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        81175                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        81175                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total       162350                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                    7930996                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                    77581                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                   6764403                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                    3594                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10770                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    76                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                    147                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                 2680                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                      22                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                8008577                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses               6767997                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                        14695399                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                         81175                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                    14776574                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walks                  155054                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walksLong              155054                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples       155054                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0        155054    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total       155054                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walksPending::samples  -1661801528                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walksPending::0   -1661801528    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walksPending::total  -1661801528                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K       153744     99.16%     99.16% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M         1310      0.84%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total       155054                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst       155054                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total       155054                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst       155054                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total       155054                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total       310108                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                   38659908                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                   155054                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10770                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    76                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                    124                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses               38814962                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                        38659908                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                        155054                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                    38814962                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numPwrStateTransitions              3504                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         1752                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   3574005680772.075684                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  13796273139706.078125                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          283     16.15%     16.15% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         1313     74.94%     91.10% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::4.5e+11-5e+11            1      0.06%     91.15% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::9.5e+11-1e+12            1      0.06%     91.21% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows          154      8.79%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 85332409769192                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::total          1752                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   23347745323                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 6261657952712677                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.numCycles                   26017608712231                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu13.kern.inst.quiesce                   1752                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                  38809475                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                    46691102                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.committedUserInsts              11087700                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses            43202401                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_vec_alu_accesses              787480                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                   3012336                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts      5191581                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                   43202401                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_vec_insts                     787480                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads          61323882                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes         34111816                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_vec_register_reads           1141988                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu13.num_vec_register_writes           696172                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu13.num_cc_register_reads            8625699                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu13.num_cc_register_writes           8363334                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                    14751925                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                   7986756                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                  6765169                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles             26017511701186.707031                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles             97011044.291273                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction               0.000004                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                   0.999996                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.Branches                         8668560                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu13.op_class::No_OpClass               33828      0.07%      0.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IntAlu                31193500     66.80%     66.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IntMult                  84543      0.18%     67.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IntDiv                   27181      0.06%     67.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     67.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     67.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     67.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     67.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     67.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     67.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     67.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     67.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdAdd                 113471      0.24%     67.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     67.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdAlu                 242729      0.52%     67.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdCmp                 135312      0.29%     68.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     68.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdMisc                114100      0.24%     68.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     68.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     68.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     68.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     68.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     68.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     68.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     68.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     68.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     68.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     68.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     68.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     68.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     68.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     68.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                7986756     17.10%     85.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite               6765169     14.49%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::total                 46696589                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         442.077775                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.total_refs          14772401                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          547747                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.avg_refs           26.969387                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.data   442.077775                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.863433                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.863433                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          505                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          132                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          149                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           91                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          133                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.986328                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        30092549                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.data_accesses       30092549                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu13.data      7374835                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7374835                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu13.data      6496973                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6496973                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu13.data        71218                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        71218                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu13.data         8399                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         8399                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu13.data       127271                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       127271                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu13.data       118070                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       118070                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::cpu13.data     13880207                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total       13880207                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::cpu13.data     13951425                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total      13951425                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu13.data       409983                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       409983                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu13.data       101161                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       101161                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu13.data        17787                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        17787                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu13.data        28452                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        28452                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu13.data         4695                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         4695                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu13.data        13557                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        13557                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::cpu13.data       539596                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total       539596                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::cpu13.data       557383                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total       557383                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu13.data      7784818                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7784818                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu13.data      6598134                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6598134                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu13.data        89005                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        89005                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu13.data        36851                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        36851                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu13.data       131966                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       131966                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu13.data       131627                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       131627                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu13.data     14419803                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14419803                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu13.data     14508808                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14508808                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.052664                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.052664                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.015332                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.015332                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.199843                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.199843                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.772082                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.772082                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.035577                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.035577                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.102996                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.102996                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.037420                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.037420                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.038417                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.038417                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       227999                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total          227999                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements               528200                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.icache.tags.tagsinuse         506.694785                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.tags.total_refs          38814962                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.tags.sampled_refs         1469985                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.tags.avg_refs           26.405005                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst   506.694785                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.989638                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.989638                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          394                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           87                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu13.icache.tags.tag_accesses        79099909                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu13.icache.tags.data_accesses       79099909                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu13.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu13.inst     37344977                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      37344977                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::cpu13.inst     37344977                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total       37344977                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::cpu13.inst     37344977                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total      37344977                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu13.inst      1469985                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      1469985                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::cpu13.inst      1469985                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total      1469985                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::cpu13.inst      1469985                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total      1469985                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu13.inst     38814962                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     38814962                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::cpu13.inst     38814962                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total     38814962                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::cpu13.inst     38814962                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total     38814962                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu13.inst     0.037872                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.037872                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu13.inst     0.037872                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.037872                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu13.inst     0.037872                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.037872                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.writebacks::writebacks      1469473                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.icache.writebacks::total         1469473                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.icache.replacements              1469473                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walks                  237760                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walksLong              237760                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples       237760                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0        237760    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total       237760                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples     15759648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walksPending::0      15759648    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walksPending::total     15759648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K       237530     99.90%     99.90% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          230      0.10%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total       237760                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data       237760                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total       237760                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data       237760                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total       237760                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total       475520                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                   82795875                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                   208573                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                  73731751                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                   29187                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10770                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    76                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                 9806                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses               83004448                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses              73760938                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                       156527626                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                        237760                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                   156765386                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walks                 1456751                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walksLong             1456751                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples      1456751                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0       1456751    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total      1456751                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walksPending::samples     15759148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walksPending::0      15759148    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walksPending::total     15759148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K      1452624     99.72%     99.72% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M         4127      0.28%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total      1456751                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst      1456751                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total      1456751                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst      1456751                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total      1456751                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total      2913502                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                  381024181                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                  1456751                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10770                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    76                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses              382480932                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                       381024181                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                       1456751                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                   382480932                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numPwrStateTransitions             61398                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples        30699                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   203962721833.217194                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  2474062176927.699219                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows        29379     95.70%     95.70% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         1113      3.63%     99.33% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows          207      0.67%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 30235161808360                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::total         30699                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  229702900065                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 6261451597557935                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.numCycles                   26017608741178                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu14.kern.inst.quiesce                  30699                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                 382376771                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                   459302341                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.committedUserInsts              47497765                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses           431002104                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_vec_alu_accesses              916302                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                  32832128                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts     54600069                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                  431002104                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_vec_insts                     916302                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads         613135504                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes        331685654                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_vec_register_reads            970328                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu14.num_vec_register_writes           545956                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu14.num_cc_register_reads           80533545                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu14.num_cc_register_writes          80224239                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                   156490861                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                  82786277                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                 73704584                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles             26016654313823.156250                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles             954427354.841244                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction               0.000037                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                   0.999963                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.Branches                        90579223                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu14.op_class::No_OpClass               21045      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IntAlu               302126174     65.76%     65.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IntMult                 361520      0.08%     65.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IntDiv                   58839      0.01%     65.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     65.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     65.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     65.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     65.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     65.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     65.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     65.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     65.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdAdd                  62928      0.01%     65.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     65.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdAlu                 131838      0.03%     65.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdCmp                  84180      0.02%     65.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     65.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdMisc                 69117      0.02%     65.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     65.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     65.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     65.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     65.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     65.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     65.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     65.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     65.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     65.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     65.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     65.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     65.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     65.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     65.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead               82786277     18.02%     83.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite              73704584     16.04%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::total                459406502                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         498.030459                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.total_refs         156758975                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         3996288                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.avg_refs           39.226146                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.data   498.030459                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.972716                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.972716                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          508                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          213                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          201                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           86                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.992188                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       317514238                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.data_accesses      317514238                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu14.data     77027300                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      77027300                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu14.data     70996246                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     70996246                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu14.data      1159836                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total      1159836                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu14.data        53238                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total        53238                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu14.data      1712191                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total      1712191                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu14.data      1746273                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total      1746273                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::cpu14.data    148076784                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total      148076784                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::cpu14.data    149236620                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total     149236620                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu14.data      2828825                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      2828825                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu14.data       723299                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       723299                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu14.data       210732                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total       210732                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu14.data       209982                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total       209982                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu14.data        62715                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        62715                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu14.data        28338                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        28338                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::cpu14.data      3762106                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total      3762106                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::cpu14.data      3972838                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total      3972838                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu14.data     79856125                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     79856125                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu14.data     71719545                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     71719545                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu14.data      1370568                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total      1370568                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu14.data       263220                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total       263220                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu14.data      1774906                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total      1774906                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu14.data      1774611                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total      1774611                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu14.data    151838890                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total    151838890                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu14.data    153209458                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total    153209458                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.035424                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.035424                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.010085                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.010085                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.153755                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.153755                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.797743                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.797743                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.035334                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.035334                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.015969                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.015969                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.024777                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.024777                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.025931                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.025931                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      2076725                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total         2076725                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements              3939751                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.icache.tags.tagsinuse         511.825646                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.tags.total_refs         382480932                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.tags.sampled_refs        14360126                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.tags.avg_refs           26.634929                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst   511.825646                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.999659                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999659                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          412                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           91                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.tag_accesses       779321990                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu14.icache.tags.data_accesses      779321990                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu14.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu14.inst    368120806                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     368120806                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::cpu14.inst    368120806                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total      368120806                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::cpu14.inst    368120806                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total     368120806                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu14.inst     14360126                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     14360126                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::cpu14.inst     14360126                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total     14360126                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::cpu14.inst     14360126                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total     14360126                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu14.inst    382480932                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    382480932                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::cpu14.inst    382480932                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total    382480932                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::cpu14.inst    382480932                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total    382480932                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu14.inst     0.037545                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.037545                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu14.inst     0.037545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.037545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu14.inst     0.037545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.037545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.writebacks::writebacks     14359614                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.icache.writebacks::total        14359614                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.icache.replacements             14359614                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walks                   19751                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walksLong               19751                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        19751                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         19751    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        19751                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples   -315558908                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walksPending::0    -315558908    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walksPending::total   -315558908                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        17939     98.54%     98.54% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          239      1.31%     99.85% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G           27      0.15%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        18205                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        19751                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        19751                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        18205                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        18205                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        37956                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                    5203806                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                    18512                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                   3234363                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                    1239                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10770                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    76                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                    396                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                  460                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                     200                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                5222318                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses               3235602                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                         8438169                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                         19751                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                     8457920                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walks                   31656                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walksLong               31656                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        31656                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         31656    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        31656                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walksPending::samples     16101648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walksPending::0      16101648    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walksPending::total     16101648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        31257     99.41%     99.41% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          185      0.59%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        31442                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        31656                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        31656                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        31442                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        31442                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        63098                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                   23295851                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                    31656                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10770                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    76                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                    129                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses               23327507                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                        23295851                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                         31656                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                    23327507                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numPwrStateTransitions               965                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          483                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   12964115419960.876953                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  160965708690713.218750                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          148     30.64%     30.64% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10          303     62.73%     93.37% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::2.5e+11-3e+11            1      0.21%     93.58% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows           31      6.42%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 2843430374726000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           483                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   13552616896                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 6261667747841104                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.numCycles                   21821242397595                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu15.kern.inst.quiesce                    483                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                  23324193                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                    27102148                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.committedUserInsts              10371836                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses            24785357                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_vec_alu_accesses              121242                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                   1156036                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts      4188716                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                   24785357                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_vec_insts                     121242                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads          34058095                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes         19708822                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_vec_register_reads            168809                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu15.num_vec_register_writes           102108                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu15.num_cc_register_reads            7036866                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu15.num_cc_register_writes           6955180                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                     8438852                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                   5204104                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                  3234748                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles             21821195168311.679688                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles             47229283.319690                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction               0.000002                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                   0.999998                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.Branches                         5573061                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu15.op_class::No_OpClass                4906      0.02%      0.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IntAlu                18516242     68.31%     68.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IntMult                  49020      0.18%     68.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IntDiv                   10122      0.04%     68.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     68.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatCmp                     1      0.00%     68.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatCvt                     2      0.00%     68.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     68.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     68.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatDiv                     1      0.00%     68.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMisc                    2      0.00%     68.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     68.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdAdd                  16116      0.06%     68.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     68.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdAlu                  34186      0.13%     68.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdCmp                  19624      0.07%     68.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     68.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdMisc                 16174      0.06%     68.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     68.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     68.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     68.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     68.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     68.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     68.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     68.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     68.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     68.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     68.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     68.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     68.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     68.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     68.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead                5204104     19.20%     88.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite               3234748     11.93%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::total                 27105248                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         402.426672                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.total_refs           8453481                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          257165                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.avg_refs           32.871818                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.data   402.426672                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.785990                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.785990                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          363                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          363                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.708984                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        17167455                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.data_accesses       17167455                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu15.data      4843864                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       4843864                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu15.data      3068133                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3068133                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu15.data        75962                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        75962                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu15.data         2193                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         2193                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu15.data        98874                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        98874                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu15.data        92965                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        92965                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::cpu15.data      7914190                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total        7914190                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::cpu15.data      7990152                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total       7990152                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu15.data       194014                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       194014                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu15.data        44722                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        44722                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu15.data         5336                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         5336                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu15.data        17241                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        17241                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu15.data         2254                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         2254                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu15.data         7923                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         7923                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::cpu15.data       255977                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total       255977                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::cpu15.data       261313                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total       261313                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu15.data      5037878                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      5037878                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu15.data      3112855                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3112855                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu15.data        81298                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        81298                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu15.data        19434                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        19434                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu15.data       101128                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       101128                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu15.data       100888                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       100888                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu15.data      8170167                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total      8170167                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu15.data      8251465                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total      8251465                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.038511                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038511                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.014367                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.014367                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.065635                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.065635                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.887157                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.887157                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.022289                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.022289                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.078533                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.078533                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.031331                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.031331                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.031669                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.031669                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       127328                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total          127328                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements               250828                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.icache.tags.tagsinuse         509.670044                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.tags.total_refs          23327293                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.tags.sampled_refs          329281                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.tags.avg_refs           70.843119                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst   509.670044                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.995449                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.995449                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu15.icache.tags.tag_accesses        46983867                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu15.icache.tags.data_accesses       46983867                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu15.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu15.inst     22998012                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      22998012                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::cpu15.inst     22998012                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total       22998012                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::cpu15.inst     22998012                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total      22998012                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu15.inst       329281                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       329281                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::cpu15.inst       329281                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total       329281                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::cpu15.inst       329281                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total       329281                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu15.inst     23327293                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     23327293                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::cpu15.inst     23327293                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total     23327293                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::cpu15.inst     23327293                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total     23327293                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu15.inst     0.014116                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014116                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu15.inst     0.014116                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014116                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu15.inst     0.014116                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014116                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.writebacks::writebacks       328769                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.icache.writebacks::total          328769                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.icache.replacements               328769                       # number of replacements
system.iobus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                19990                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp               19990                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq              548875                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp             548875                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart0.pio        40762                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pci_ide.pio        23556                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.viopci.pio          784                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total        65102                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pci_ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      1072628                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pci_ide.dma::total      1072628                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                 1137730                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart0.pio        40762                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pci_ide.pio        13137                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.viopci.pio          588                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total        54487                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pci_ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side     34249168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pci_ide.dma::total     34249168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                 34303655                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse               13.835750                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                 536314                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs               536314                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        1                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle         7594113191521501                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::pci_ide     13.835750                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::pci_ide     0.864734                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.864734                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses              4826826                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses             4826826                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pci_ide           3386                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total             3386                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::pci_ide       532928                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total       532928                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::pci_ide          536314                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total            536314                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::pci_ide         536314                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total           536314                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pci_ide         3386                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total           3386                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::pci_ide       532928                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total       532928                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::pci_ide        536314                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total          536314                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::pci_ide       536314                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total         536314                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pci_ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::pci_ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pci_ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pci_ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          532912                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total               532912                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.replacements                    536298                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l200.tags.tagsinuse               12579.117336                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.tags.total_refs                   4389673                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.tags.sampled_refs                 1320623                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.tags.avg_refs                    3.323941                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.tags.warmup_cycle            6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    877.982479                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.dtb.walker    64.739022                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.itb.walker    80.915852                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst   3936.704208                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   7618.775775                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.053588                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.dtb.walker     0.003951                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.itb.walker     0.004939                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.240277                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.465013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.tags.occ_percent::total          0.767768                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          140                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l200.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        13653                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l200.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          140                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l200.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        13653                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l200.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.008545                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l200.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.833313                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l200.tags.tag_accesses                10136805                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l200.tags.data_accesses               10136805                       # Number of data accesses
system.l200.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::cpu00.dtb.walker        51435                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::cpu00.itb.walker       126574                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                178009                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       779460                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l200.WritebackDirty_hits::total         779460                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l200.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       545929                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l200.WritebackClean_hits::total         545929                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l200.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu00.data           558                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l200.UpgradeReq_hits::total                558                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l200.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu00.data          288                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l200.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total              288                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::cpu00.data          50556                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total               50556                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu00.inst       493142                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l200.ReadCleanReq_hits::total           493142                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l200.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu00.data       259094                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l200.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          259094                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l200.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu00.data         3886                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l200.InvalidateReq_hits::total            3886                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::cpu00.dtb.walker        51435                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::cpu00.itb.walker       126574                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::cpu00.inst            493142                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::cpu00.data            309650                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                 980801                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::cpu00.dtb.walker        51435                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::cpu00.itb.walker       126574                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::cpu00.inst           493142                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::cpu00.data           309650                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                980801                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::cpu00.dtb.walker         1184                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::cpu00.itb.walker         1257                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total                2441                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu00.data        14094                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l200.UpgradeReq_misses::total            14094                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l200.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu00.data        10672                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l200.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          10672                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::cpu00.data       565975                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::total            565975                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu00.inst        53408                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l200.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          53408                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l200.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu00.data       670500                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l200.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        670500                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l200.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu00.data        16312                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l200.InvalidateReq_misses::total         16312                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::cpu00.dtb.walker         1184                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::cpu00.itb.walker         1257                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::cpu00.inst           53408                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::cpu00.data         1236475                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total              1292324                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::cpu00.dtb.walker         1184                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::cpu00.itb.walker         1257                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::cpu00.inst          53408                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::cpu00.data        1236475                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total             1292324                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::cpu00.dtb.walker        52619                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::cpu00.itb.walker       127831                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total            180450                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       779460                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       779460                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       545929                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.WritebackClean_accesses::total       545929                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu00.data        14652                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          14652                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu00.data        10960                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total        10960                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu00.data       616531                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total          616531                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu00.inst       546550                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       546550                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu00.data       929594                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       929594                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu00.data        20198                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.InvalidateReq_accesses::total        20198                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::cpu00.dtb.walker        52619                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::cpu00.itb.walker       127831                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::cpu00.inst        546550                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::cpu00.data       1546125                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total            2273125                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::cpu00.dtb.walker        52619                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::cpu00.itb.walker       127831                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::cpu00.inst       546550                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::cpu00.data      1546125                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total           2273125                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu00.dtb.walker     0.022501                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu00.itb.walker     0.009833                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.013527                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.961916                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l200.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.961916                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l200.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.973723                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l200.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.973723                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.917999                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.917999                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.097718                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l200.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.097718                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l200.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.721283                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l200.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.721283                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l200.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.807605                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l200.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.807605                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::cpu00.dtb.walker     0.022501                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::cpu00.itb.walker     0.009833                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.097718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.799725                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.568523                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::cpu00.dtb.walker     0.022501                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::cpu00.itb.walker     0.009833                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.097718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.799725                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.568523                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks             585736                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                  585736                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.replacements                      1254186                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l201.tags.tagsinuse                6441.761225                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.tags.total_refs                    832029                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.tags.sampled_refs                  118572                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.tags.avg_refs                    7.017078                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.tags.warmup_cycle            6747123054781500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    490.591694                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.dtb.walker    47.424686                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.itb.walker    56.464657                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst   2831.912621                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.data   3015.367566                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.029943                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.dtb.walker     0.002895                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.itb.walker     0.003446                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.172846                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.184043                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.tags.occ_percent::total          0.393174                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          127                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l201.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        13195                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l201.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          127                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l201.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        13195                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l201.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.007751                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l201.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.805359                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l201.tags.tag_accesses                 1804216                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l201.tags.data_accesses                1804216                       # Number of data accesses
system.l201.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::cpu01.dtb.walker        30517                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::cpu01.itb.walker        36895                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                 67412                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       107187                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l201.WritebackDirty_hits::total         107187                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l201.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       165905                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l201.WritebackClean_hits::total         165905                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l201.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu01.data           981                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l201.UpgradeReq_hits::total                981                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l201.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu01.data          172                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l201.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total              172                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::cpu01.data          20439                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total               20439                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu01.inst       142049                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l201.ReadCleanReq_hits::total           142049                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l201.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu01.data       106728                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l201.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          106728                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l201.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu01.data         2706                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l201.InvalidateReq_hits::total            2706                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::cpu01.dtb.walker        30517                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::cpu01.itb.walker        36895                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::cpu01.inst            142049                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::cpu01.data            127167                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                 336628                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::cpu01.dtb.walker        30517                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::cpu01.itb.walker        36895                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::cpu01.inst           142049                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::cpu01.data           127167                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                336628                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::cpu01.dtb.walker          460                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::cpu01.itb.walker          436                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total                 896                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu01.data         3744                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l201.UpgradeReq_misses::total             3744                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l201.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu01.data         6269                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l201.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           6269                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::cpu01.data        12228                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::total             12228                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu01.inst        24378                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l201.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          24378                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l201.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu01.data        65539                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l201.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         65539                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l201.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu01.data        10255                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l201.InvalidateReq_misses::total         10255                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::cpu01.dtb.walker          460                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::cpu01.itb.walker          436                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::cpu01.inst           24378                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::cpu01.data           77767                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total               103041                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::cpu01.dtb.walker          460                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::cpu01.itb.walker          436                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::cpu01.inst          24378                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::cpu01.data          77767                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total              103041                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::cpu01.dtb.walker        30977                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::cpu01.itb.walker        37331                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total             68308                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       107187                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       107187                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       165905                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.WritebackClean_accesses::total       165905                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu01.data         4725                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           4725                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu01.data         6441                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         6441                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu01.data        32667                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total           32667                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu01.inst       166427                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       166427                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu01.data       172267                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       172267                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu01.data        12961                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.InvalidateReq_accesses::total        12961                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::cpu01.dtb.walker        30977                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::cpu01.itb.walker        37331                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::cpu01.inst        166427                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::cpu01.data        204934                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total             439669                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::cpu01.dtb.walker        30977                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::cpu01.itb.walker        37331                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::cpu01.inst       166427                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::cpu01.data       204934                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total            439669                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu01.dtb.walker     0.014850                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu01.itb.walker     0.011679                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.013117                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.792381                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l201.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.792381                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l201.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.973296                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l201.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.973296                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.374323                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.374323                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu01.inst     0.146479                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l201.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.146479                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l201.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.380450                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l201.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.380450                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l201.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.791220                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l201.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.791220                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::cpu01.dtb.walker     0.014850                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::cpu01.itb.walker     0.011679                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::cpu01.inst     0.146479                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.379473                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.234360                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::cpu01.dtb.walker     0.014850                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::cpu01.itb.walker     0.011679                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::cpu01.inst     0.146479                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.379473                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.234360                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks              23274                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                   23274                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.replacements                        88126                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l202.tags.tagsinuse               12466.868411                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.tags.total_refs                   1541263                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.tags.sampled_refs                  163653                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.tags.avg_refs                    9.417872                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.tags.warmup_cycle            7594113010331500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   1697.689183                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.dtb.walker    62.201224                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.itb.walker    74.893708                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   4399.416657                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.data   6232.667639                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.103619                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.dtb.walker     0.003796                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.itb.walker     0.004571                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.268519                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.380412                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.tags.occ_percent::total          0.760917                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          157                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l202.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        13777                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l202.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          157                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l202.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        13777                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l202.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.009583                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l202.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.840881                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l202.tags.tag_accesses                 3276617                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l202.tags.data_accesses                3276617                       # Number of data accesses
system.l202.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::cpu02.dtb.walker        37481                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::cpu02.itb.walker        88838                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                126319                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       167289                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l202.WritebackDirty_hits::total         167289                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l202.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       408867                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l202.WritebackClean_hits::total         408867                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l202.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu02.data           149                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l202.UpgradeReq_hits::total                149                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l202.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu02.data          295                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l202.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total              295                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::cpu02.data          26671                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::total               26671                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu02.inst       364643                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l202.ReadCleanReq_hits::total           364643                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l202.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu02.data       162699                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l202.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          162699                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l202.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu02.data         4056                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l202.InvalidateReq_hits::total            4056                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l202.demand_hits::cpu02.dtb.walker        37481                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::cpu02.itb.walker        88838                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::cpu02.inst            364643                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::cpu02.data            189370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                 680332                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::cpu02.dtb.walker        37481                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::cpu02.itb.walker        88838                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::cpu02.inst           364643                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::cpu02.data           189370                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                680332                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::cpu02.dtb.walker          811                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::cpu02.itb.walker          581                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total                1392                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu02.data         6356                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l202.UpgradeReq_misses::total             6356                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l202.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu02.data         4883                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l202.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           4883                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_misses::cpu02.data        22309                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_misses::total             22309                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l202.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu02.inst        44755                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l202.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          44755                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l202.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu02.data        73307                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l202.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         73307                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l202.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu02.data        13750                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l202.InvalidateReq_misses::total         13750                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::cpu02.dtb.walker          811                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::cpu02.itb.walker          581                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::cpu02.inst           44755                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::cpu02.data           95616                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total               141763                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::cpu02.dtb.walker          811                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::cpu02.itb.walker          581                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::cpu02.inst          44755                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::cpu02.data          95616                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total              141763                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::cpu02.dtb.walker        38292                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::cpu02.itb.walker        89419                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total            127711                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       167289                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       167289                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       408867                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.WritebackClean_accesses::total       408867                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu02.data         6505                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           6505                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu02.data         5178                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         5178                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu02.data        48980                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total           48980                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu02.inst       409398                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       409398                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu02.data       236006                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       236006                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu02.data        17806                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.InvalidateReq_accesses::total        17806                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::cpu02.dtb.walker        38292                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::cpu02.itb.walker        89419                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::cpu02.inst        409398                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::cpu02.data        284986                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total             822095                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::cpu02.dtb.walker        38292                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::cpu02.itb.walker        89419                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::cpu02.inst       409398                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::cpu02.data       284986                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total            822095                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu02.dtb.walker     0.021179                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu02.itb.walker     0.006498                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.010900                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.977095                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l202.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.977095                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l202.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.943028                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l202.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.943028                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.455472                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.455472                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu02.inst     0.109319                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l202.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.109319                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l202.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.310615                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l202.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.310615                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l202.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.772212                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l202.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.772212                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::cpu02.dtb.walker     0.021179                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::cpu02.itb.walker     0.006498                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::cpu02.inst     0.109319                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.335511                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.172441                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::cpu02.dtb.walker     0.021179                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::cpu02.itb.walker     0.006498                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::cpu02.inst     0.109319                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.335511                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.172441                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks              31974                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                   31974                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.replacements                       125035                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l203.tags.tagsinuse               12134.986499                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.tags.total_refs                    612085                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.tags.sampled_refs                   72786                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.tags.avg_refs                    8.409378                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.tags.warmup_cycle            6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   1799.206326                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.dtb.walker    75.934917                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.itb.walker    62.985772                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst   4854.229542                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   5342.629943                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.109815                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.dtb.walker     0.004635                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.itb.walker     0.003844                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.296279                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.326088                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.tags.occ_percent::total          0.740661                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          192                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l203.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        13659                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l203.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          192                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l203.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        13659                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l203.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.011719                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l203.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.833679                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l203.tags.tag_accesses                 1312276                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l203.tags.data_accesses                1312276                       # Number of data accesses
system.l203.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::cpu03.dtb.walker         6737                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::cpu03.itb.walker        39895                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                 46632                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        65143                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l203.WritebackDirty_hits::total          65143                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l203.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       167794                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l203.WritebackClean_hits::total         167794                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l203.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu03.data           511                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l203.UpgradeReq_hits::total                511                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l203.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu03.data          112                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l203.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total              112                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::cpu03.data          10241                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total               10241                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu03.inst       147000                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l203.ReadCleanReq_hits::total           147000                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l203.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu03.data        56794                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l203.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           56794                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l203.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu03.data         1995                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l203.InvalidateReq_hits::total            1995                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::cpu03.dtb.walker         6737                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::cpu03.itb.walker        39895                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::cpu03.inst            147000                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::cpu03.data             67035                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                 260667                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::cpu03.dtb.walker         6737                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::cpu03.itb.walker        39895                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::cpu03.inst           147000                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::cpu03.data            67035                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                260667                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::cpu03.dtb.walker          376                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::cpu03.itb.walker          181                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total                 557                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu03.data         4040                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l203.UpgradeReq_misses::total             4040                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l203.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu03.data         3236                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l203.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           3236                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_misses::cpu03.data         8684                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_misses::total              8684                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l203.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu03.inst        21335                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l203.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          21335                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l203.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu03.data        31748                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l203.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         31748                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l203.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu03.data         7229                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l203.InvalidateReq_misses::total          7229                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::cpu03.dtb.walker          376                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::cpu03.itb.walker          181                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::cpu03.inst           21335                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::cpu03.data           40432                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                62324                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::cpu03.dtb.walker          376                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::cpu03.itb.walker          181                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::cpu03.inst          21335                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::cpu03.data          40432                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total               62324                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::cpu03.dtb.walker         7113                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::cpu03.itb.walker        40076                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total             47189                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        65143                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        65143                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       167794                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.WritebackClean_accesses::total       167794                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu03.data         4551                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           4551                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu03.data         3348                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         3348                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu03.data        18925                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total           18925                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu03.inst       168335                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       168335                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu03.data        88542                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        88542                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu03.data         9224                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.InvalidateReq_accesses::total         9224                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::cpu03.dtb.walker         7113                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::cpu03.itb.walker        40076                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::cpu03.inst        168335                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::cpu03.data        107467                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total             322991                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::cpu03.dtb.walker         7113                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::cpu03.itb.walker        40076                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::cpu03.inst       168335                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::cpu03.data       107467                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total            322991                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu03.dtb.walker     0.052861                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu03.itb.walker     0.004516                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.011804                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.887717                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l203.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.887717                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l203.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.966547                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l203.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.966547                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.458864                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.458864                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu03.inst     0.126741                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l203.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.126741                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l203.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.358564                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l203.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.358564                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l203.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.783716                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l203.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.783716                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::cpu03.dtb.walker     0.052861                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::cpu03.itb.walker     0.004516                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::cpu03.inst     0.126741                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.376227                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.192959                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::cpu03.dtb.walker     0.052861                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::cpu03.itb.walker     0.004516                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::cpu03.inst     0.126741                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.376227                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.192959                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks              12762                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                   12762                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.replacements                        45707                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l204.tags.tagsinuse               12550.671123                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.tags.total_refs                  12828654                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.tags.sampled_refs                  873984                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.tags.avg_refs                   14.678363                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.tags.warmup_cycle            6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    961.728764                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.dtb.walker   105.612380                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.itb.walker   102.912429                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst   4772.894461                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.data   6607.523089                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.058699                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.dtb.walker     0.006446                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.itb.walker     0.006281                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.291314                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.403291                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.tags.occ_percent::total          0.766032                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          215                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l204.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        13448                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l204.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          215                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l204.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        13448                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l204.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.013123                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l204.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.820801                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l204.tags.tag_accesses                27485134                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l204.tags.data_accesses               27485134                       # Number of data accesses
system.l204.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::cpu04.dtb.walker       562389                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::cpu04.itb.walker       971845                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total               1534234                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      1212686                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l204.WritebackDirty_hits::total        1212686                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l204.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks      3963124                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l204.WritebackClean_hits::total        3963124                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l204.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu04.data          5655                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l204.UpgradeReq_hits::total               5655                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l204.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu04.data           49                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l204.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total               49                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::cpu04.data         187740                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total              187740                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu04.inst      3893341                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l204.ReadCleanReq_hits::total          3893341                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l204.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu04.data       969217                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l204.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          969217                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l204.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu04.data        57277                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l204.InvalidateReq_hits::total           57277                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::cpu04.dtb.walker       562389                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::cpu04.itb.walker       971845                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::cpu04.inst           3893341                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::cpu04.data           1156957                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                6584532                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::cpu04.dtb.walker       562389                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::cpu04.itb.walker       971845                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::cpu04.inst          3893341                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::cpu04.data          1156957                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total               6584532                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::cpu04.dtb.walker         3112                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::cpu04.itb.walker          841                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total                3953                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu04.data        22962                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l204.UpgradeReq_misses::total            22962                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l204.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu04.data        25717                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l204.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          25717                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_misses::cpu04.data        60116                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_misses::total             60116                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l204.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu04.inst        76003                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l204.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          76003                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l204.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu04.data       168752                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l204.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        168752                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l204.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu04.data       465537                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l204.InvalidateReq_misses::total        465537                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::cpu04.dtb.walker         3112                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::cpu04.itb.walker          841                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::cpu04.inst           76003                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::cpu04.data          228868                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total               308824                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::cpu04.dtb.walker         3112                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::cpu04.itb.walker          841                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::cpu04.inst          76003                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::cpu04.data         228868                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total              308824                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::cpu04.dtb.walker       565501                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::cpu04.itb.walker       972686                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total           1538187                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      1212686                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      1212686                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks      3963124                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.WritebackClean_accesses::total      3963124                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu04.data        28617                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          28617                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu04.data        25766                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total        25766                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu04.data       247856                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total          247856                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu04.inst      3969344                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total      3969344                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu04.data      1137969                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      1137969                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu04.data       522814                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.InvalidateReq_accesses::total       522814                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::cpu04.dtb.walker       565501                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::cpu04.itb.walker       972686                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::cpu04.inst       3969344                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::cpu04.data       1385825                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total            6893356                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::cpu04.dtb.walker       565501                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::cpu04.itb.walker       972686                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::cpu04.inst      3969344                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::cpu04.data      1385825                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total           6893356                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu04.dtb.walker     0.005503                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu04.itb.walker     0.000865                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.002570                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.802390                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l204.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.802390                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l204.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.998098                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l204.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.998098                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.242544                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.242544                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu04.inst     0.019147                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l204.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.019147                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l204.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.148292                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l204.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.148292                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l204.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.890445                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l204.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.890445                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::cpu04.dtb.walker     0.005503                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::cpu04.itb.walker     0.000865                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::cpu04.inst     0.019147                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.165149                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.044800                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::cpu04.dtb.walker     0.005503                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::cpu04.itb.walker     0.000865                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::cpu04.inst     0.019147                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.165149                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.044800                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks             552080                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                  552080                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.replacements                       737170                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l205.tags.tagsinuse                9658.071501                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.tags.total_refs                   5263032                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.tags.sampled_refs                  312532                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.tags.avg_refs                   16.839978                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.tags.warmup_cycle            7594124814272000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    900.445046                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.tags.occ_blocks::cpu05.dtb.walker    72.053542                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.tags.occ_blocks::cpu05.itb.walker    68.691290                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.tags.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   3986.127096                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.tags.occ_blocks::cpu05.data   4630.754527                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.054959                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.tags.occ_percent::cpu05.dtb.walker     0.004398                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.tags.occ_percent::cpu05.itb.walker     0.004193                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.tags.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.243294                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.tags.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.282639                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.tags.occ_percent::total          0.589482                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l205.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        13646                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l205.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l205.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        13646                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l205.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.015625                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l205.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.832886                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l205.tags.tag_accesses                10900334                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l205.tags.data_accesses               10900334                       # Number of data accesses
system.l205.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::cpu05.dtb.walker       262724                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::cpu05.itb.walker       451704                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                714428                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       385154                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l205.WritebackDirty_hits::total         385154                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l205.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks      1461463                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l205.WritebackClean_hits::total        1461463                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l205.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu05.data          1377                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l205.UpgradeReq_hits::total               1377                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l205.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu05.data          368                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l205.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total              368                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::cpu05.data          98689                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total               98689                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu05.inst      1395561                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l205.ReadCleanReq_hits::total          1395561                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l205.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu05.data       482262                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l205.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          482262                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l205.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu05.data        25821                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l205.InvalidateReq_hits::total           25821                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::cpu05.dtb.walker       262724                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::cpu05.itb.walker       451704                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::cpu05.inst           1395561                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::cpu05.data            580951                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                2690940                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::cpu05.dtb.walker       262724                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::cpu05.itb.walker       451704                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::cpu05.inst          1395561                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::cpu05.data           580951                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total               2690940                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::cpu05.dtb.walker         1367                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::cpu05.itb.walker         1689                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total                3056                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu05.data        15919                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l205.UpgradeReq_misses::total            15919                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l205.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu05.data        20652                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l205.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          20652                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_misses::cpu05.data        32592                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_misses::total             32592                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l205.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu05.inst        66427                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l205.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          66427                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l205.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu05.data       151567                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l205.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        151567                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l205.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu05.data        26289                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l205.InvalidateReq_misses::total         26289                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::cpu05.dtb.walker         1367                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::cpu05.itb.walker         1689                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::cpu05.inst           66427                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::cpu05.data          184159                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total               253642                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::cpu05.dtb.walker         1367                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::cpu05.itb.walker         1689                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::cpu05.inst          66427                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::cpu05.data         184159                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total              253642                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::cpu05.dtb.walker       264091                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::cpu05.itb.walker       453393                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total            717484                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       385154                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       385154                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks      1461463                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.WritebackClean_accesses::total      1461463                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu05.data        17296                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          17296                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu05.data        21020                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total        21020                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu05.data       131281                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total          131281                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu05.inst      1461988                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total      1461988                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu05.data       633829                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       633829                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu05.data        52110                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.InvalidateReq_accesses::total        52110                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::cpu05.dtb.walker       264091                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::cpu05.itb.walker       453393                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::cpu05.inst       1461988                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::cpu05.data        765110                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total            2944582                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::cpu05.dtb.walker       264091                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::cpu05.itb.walker       453393                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::cpu05.inst      1461988                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::cpu05.data       765110                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total           2944582                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu05.dtb.walker     0.005176                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu05.itb.walker     0.003725                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.004259                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.920386                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l205.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.920386                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l205.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.982493                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l205.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.982493                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.248261                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.248261                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu05.inst     0.045436                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l205.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.045436                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l205.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.239129                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l205.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.239129                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l205.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.504491                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l205.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.504491                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::cpu05.dtb.walker     0.005176                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::cpu05.itb.walker     0.003725                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::cpu05.inst     0.045436                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.240696                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.086139                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::cpu05.dtb.walker     0.005176                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::cpu05.itb.walker     0.003725                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::cpu05.inst     0.045436                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.240696                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.086139                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks              54224                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                   54224                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.replacements                       211602                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l206.tags.tagsinuse                9829.683270                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.tags.total_refs                    655851                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.tags.sampled_refs                   89429                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.tags.avg_refs                    7.333762                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.tags.warmup_cycle            6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   1467.898202                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.dtb.walker    44.921929                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.itb.walker    58.151923                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst   3590.571426                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.data   4668.139790                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.089593                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.dtb.walker     0.002742                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.itb.walker     0.003549                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.219151                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.284921                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.tags.occ_percent::total          0.599956                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          160                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l206.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        13614                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l206.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          160                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l206.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        13614                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l206.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.009766                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l206.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.830933                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l206.tags.tag_accesses                 1419419                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l206.tags.data_accesses                1419419                       # Number of data accesses
system.l206.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::cpu06.dtb.walker        17998                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::cpu06.itb.walker        36268                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                 54266                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        84350                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l206.WritebackDirty_hits::total          84350                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l206.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       140124                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l206.WritebackClean_hits::total         140124                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l206.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu06.data           854                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l206.UpgradeReq_hits::total                854                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l206.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu06.data          155                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l206.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total              155                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::cpu06.data          15600                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::total               15600                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu06.inst       120200                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l206.ReadCleanReq_hits::total           120200                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l206.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu06.data        80320                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l206.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           80320                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l206.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu06.data         3947                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l206.InvalidateReq_hits::total            3947                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l206.demand_hits::cpu06.dtb.walker        17998                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::cpu06.itb.walker        36268                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::cpu06.inst            120200                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::cpu06.data             95920                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                 270386                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::cpu06.dtb.walker        17998                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::cpu06.itb.walker        36268                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::cpu06.inst           120200                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::cpu06.data            95920                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                270386                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::cpu06.dtb.walker          419                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::cpu06.itb.walker          273                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total                 692                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu06.data         2230                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l206.UpgradeReq_misses::total             2230                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l206.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu06.data         4031                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l206.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           4031                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::cpu06.data         8698                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::total              8698                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu06.inst        20445                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l206.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          20445                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l206.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu06.data        45172                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l206.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         45172                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l206.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu06.data         8622                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l206.InvalidateReq_misses::total          8622                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::cpu06.dtb.walker          419                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::cpu06.itb.walker          273                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::cpu06.inst           20445                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::cpu06.data           53870                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                75007                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::cpu06.dtb.walker          419                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::cpu06.itb.walker          273                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::cpu06.inst          20445                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::cpu06.data          53870                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total               75007                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::cpu06.dtb.walker        18417                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::cpu06.itb.walker        36541                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total             54958                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        84350                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        84350                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       140124                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.WritebackClean_accesses::total       140124                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu06.data         3084                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           3084                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu06.data         4186                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         4186                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu06.data        24298                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total           24298                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu06.inst       140645                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       140645                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu06.data       125492                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       125492                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu06.data        12569                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.InvalidateReq_accesses::total        12569                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::cpu06.dtb.walker        18417                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::cpu06.itb.walker        36541                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::cpu06.inst        140645                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::cpu06.data        149790                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total             345393                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::cpu06.dtb.walker        18417                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::cpu06.itb.walker        36541                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::cpu06.inst       140645                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::cpu06.data       149790                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total            345393                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu06.dtb.walker     0.022751                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu06.itb.walker     0.007471                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.012591                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.723087                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l206.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.723087                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l206.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.962972                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l206.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.962972                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.357972                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.357972                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu06.inst     0.145366                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l206.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.145366                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l206.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.359959                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l206.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.359959                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l206.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.685973                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l206.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.685973                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::cpu06.dtb.walker     0.022751                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::cpu06.itb.walker     0.007471                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::cpu06.inst     0.145366                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.359637                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.217164                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::cpu06.dtb.walker     0.022751                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::cpu06.itb.walker     0.007471                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::cpu06.inst     0.145366                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.359637                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.217164                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks              16860                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                   16860                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.replacements                        62830                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l207.tags.tagsinuse               12086.887200                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.tags.total_refs                    586049                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.tags.sampled_refs                   72246                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.tags.avg_refs                    8.111854                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.tags.warmup_cycle            6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   3220.525785                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.dtb.walker    40.790418                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.itb.walker    53.746533                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst   4383.237080                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   4388.587385                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.196565                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.dtb.walker     0.002490                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.itb.walker     0.003280                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.267532                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.267858                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.tags.occ_percent::total          0.737725                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           97                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l207.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        14433                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l207.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           97                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l207.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        14433                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l207.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.005920                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l207.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.880920                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l207.tags.tag_accesses                 1267452                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l207.tags.data_accesses                1267452                       # Number of data accesses
system.l207.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::cpu07.dtb.walker         9643                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::cpu07.itb.walker        33794                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                 43437                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        62973                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l207.WritebackDirty_hits::total          62973                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l207.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       162744                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l207.WritebackClean_hits::total         162744                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l207.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu07.data            95                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l207.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 95                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l207.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu07.data          102                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l207.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total              102                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::cpu07.data           9304                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total                9304                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu07.inst       143704                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l207.ReadCleanReq_hits::total           143704                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l207.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu07.data        52542                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l207.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           52542                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l207.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu07.data          553                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l207.InvalidateReq_hits::total             553                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::cpu07.dtb.walker         9643                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::cpu07.itb.walker        33794                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::cpu07.inst            143704                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::cpu07.data             61846                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                 248987                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::cpu07.dtb.walker         9643                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::cpu07.itb.walker        33794                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::cpu07.inst           143704                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::cpu07.data            61846                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                248987                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::cpu07.dtb.walker          276                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::cpu07.itb.walker          289                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total                 565                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu07.data         4430                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l207.UpgradeReq_misses::total             4430                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l207.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu07.data         2223                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l207.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           2223                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_misses::cpu07.data        10324                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_misses::total             10324                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l207.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu07.inst        19555                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l207.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          19555                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l207.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu07.data        29340                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l207.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         29340                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l207.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu07.data        11048                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l207.InvalidateReq_misses::total         11048                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::cpu07.dtb.walker          276                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::cpu07.itb.walker          289                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::cpu07.inst           19555                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::cpu07.data           39664                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                59784                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::cpu07.dtb.walker          276                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::cpu07.itb.walker          289                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::cpu07.inst          19555                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::cpu07.data          39664                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total               59784                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::cpu07.dtb.walker         9919                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::cpu07.itb.walker        34083                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total             44002                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        62973                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        62973                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       162744                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.WritebackClean_accesses::total       162744                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu07.data         4525                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           4525                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu07.data         2325                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         2325                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu07.data        19628                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total           19628                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu07.inst       163259                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       163259                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu07.data        81882                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        81882                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu07.data        11601                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.InvalidateReq_accesses::total        11601                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::cpu07.dtb.walker         9919                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::cpu07.itb.walker        34083                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::cpu07.inst        163259                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::cpu07.data        101510                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total             308771                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::cpu07.dtb.walker         9919                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::cpu07.itb.walker        34083                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::cpu07.inst       163259                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::cpu07.data       101510                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total            308771                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu07.dtb.walker     0.027825                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu07.itb.walker     0.008479                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.012840                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.979006                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l207.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.979006                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l207.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.956129                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l207.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.956129                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.525983                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.525983                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu07.inst     0.119779                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l207.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.119779                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l207.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.358321                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l207.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.358321                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l207.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.952332                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l207.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.952332                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::cpu07.dtb.walker     0.027825                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::cpu07.itb.walker     0.008479                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::cpu07.inst     0.119779                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.390740                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.193619                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::cpu07.dtb.walker     0.027825                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::cpu07.itb.walker     0.008479                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::cpu07.inst     0.119779                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.390740                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.193619                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks              12454                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                   12454                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.replacements                        43831                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l208.tags.tagsinuse               10260.290101                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.tags.total_refs                    614249                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.tags.sampled_refs                   96840                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.tags.avg_refs                    6.342926                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.tags.warmup_cycle            6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   1178.872053                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.dtb.walker    54.703141                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.itb.walker    64.593513                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst   3790.881339                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.data   5171.240054                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.071953                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.dtb.walker     0.003339                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.itb.walker     0.003942                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.231377                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.315627                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.tags.occ_percent::total          0.626238                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          127                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l208.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        14434                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l208.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          127                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l208.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        14434                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l208.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.007751                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l208.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.880981                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l208.tags.tag_accesses                 1348076                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l208.tags.data_accesses                1348076                       # Number of data accesses
system.l208.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::cpu08.dtb.walker        18488                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::cpu08.itb.walker        30837                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                 49325                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        82914                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l208.WritebackDirty_hits::total          82914                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l208.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       128454                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l208.WritebackClean_hits::total         128454                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l208.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu08.data           511                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l208.UpgradeReq_hits::total                511                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l208.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu08.data          195                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l208.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total              195                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::cpu08.data          12719                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total               12719                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu08.inst       107716                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l208.ReadCleanReq_hits::total           107716                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l208.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu08.data        69570                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l208.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           69570                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l208.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu08.data         2102                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l208.InvalidateReq_hits::total            2102                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::cpu08.dtb.walker        18488                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::cpu08.itb.walker        30837                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::cpu08.inst            107716                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::cpu08.data             82289                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                 239330                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::cpu08.dtb.walker        18488                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::cpu08.itb.walker        30837                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::cpu08.inst           107716                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::cpu08.data            82289                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                239330                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::cpu08.dtb.walker          328                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::cpu08.itb.walker          343                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total                 671                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu08.data         4011                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l208.UpgradeReq_misses::total             4011                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l208.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu08.data         5336                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l208.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           5336                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::cpu08.data        13491                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::total             13491                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu08.inst        21256                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l208.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          21256                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l208.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu08.data        47518                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l208.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         47518                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l208.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu08.data        11146                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l208.InvalidateReq_misses::total         11146                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::cpu08.dtb.walker          328                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::cpu08.itb.walker          343                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::cpu08.inst           21256                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::cpu08.data           61009                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                82936                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::cpu08.dtb.walker          328                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::cpu08.itb.walker          343                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::cpu08.inst          21256                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::cpu08.data          61009                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total               82936                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::cpu08.dtb.walker        18816                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::cpu08.itb.walker        31180                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total             49996                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        82914                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        82914                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       128454                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.WritebackClean_accesses::total       128454                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu08.data         4522                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           4522                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu08.data         5531                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         5531                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu08.data        26210                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total           26210                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu08.inst       128972                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       128972                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu08.data       117088                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       117088                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu08.data        13248                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.InvalidateReq_accesses::total        13248                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::cpu08.dtb.walker        18816                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::cpu08.itb.walker        31180                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::cpu08.inst        128972                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::cpu08.data        143298                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total             322266                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::cpu08.dtb.walker        18816                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::cpu08.itb.walker        31180                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::cpu08.inst       128972                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::cpu08.data       143298                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total            322266                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu08.dtb.walker     0.017432                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu08.itb.walker     0.011001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.013421                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.886997                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l208.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.886997                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l208.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.964744                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l208.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.964744                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.514727                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.514727                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu08.inst     0.164811                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l208.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.164811                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l208.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.405832                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l208.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.405832                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l208.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.841335                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l208.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.841335                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::cpu08.dtb.walker     0.017432                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::cpu08.itb.walker     0.011001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::cpu08.inst     0.164811                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.425749                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.257353                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::cpu08.dtb.walker     0.017432                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::cpu08.itb.walker     0.011001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::cpu08.inst     0.164811                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.425749                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.257353                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks              16170                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                   16170                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.replacements                        60809                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l209.tags.tagsinuse               10831.252760                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.tags.total_refs                    881005                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.tags.sampled_refs                  129942                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.tags.avg_refs                    6.779986                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.tags.warmup_cycle            6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   1096.891648                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.dtb.walker    53.011442                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.itb.walker    71.849809                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst   3836.009000                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.data   5773.490861                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.066949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.dtb.walker     0.003236                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.itb.walker     0.004385                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.234131                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.352386                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.tags.occ_percent::total          0.661087                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          145                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l209.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        14891                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l209.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          145                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l209.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        14891                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l209.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.008850                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l209.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.908875                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l209.tags.tag_accesses                 1914144                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l209.tags.data_accesses                1914144                       # Number of data accesses
system.l209.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::cpu09.dtb.walker        32933                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::cpu09.itb.walker        41310                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                 74243                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       121371                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l209.WritebackDirty_hits::total         121371                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l209.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       165618                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l209.WritebackClean_hits::total         165618                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l209.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu09.data           497                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l209.UpgradeReq_hits::total                497                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l209.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu09.data          244                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l209.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total              244                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::cpu09.data          22998                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total               22998                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu09.inst       138563                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l209.ReadCleanReq_hits::total           138563                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l209.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu09.data       117109                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l209.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          117109                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l209.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu09.data         3855                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l209.InvalidateReq_hits::total            3855                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::cpu09.dtb.walker        32933                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::cpu09.itb.walker        41310                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::cpu09.inst            138563                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::cpu09.data            140107                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                 352913                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::cpu09.dtb.walker        32933                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::cpu09.itb.walker        41310                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::cpu09.inst           138563                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::cpu09.data           140107                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                352913                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::cpu09.dtb.walker          542                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::cpu09.itb.walker          435                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total                 977                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu09.data         3540                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l209.UpgradeReq_misses::total             3540                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l209.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu09.data         6932                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l209.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           6932                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::cpu09.data        13762                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::total             13762                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu09.inst        27577                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l209.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          27577                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l209.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu09.data        70855                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l209.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         70855                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l209.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu09.data        10494                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l209.InvalidateReq_misses::total         10494                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::cpu09.dtb.walker          542                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::cpu09.itb.walker          435                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::cpu09.inst           27577                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::cpu09.data           84617                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total               113171                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::cpu09.dtb.walker          542                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::cpu09.itb.walker          435                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::cpu09.inst          27577                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::cpu09.data          84617                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total              113171                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::cpu09.dtb.walker        33475                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::cpu09.itb.walker        41745                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total             75220                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       121371                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       121371                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       165618                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.WritebackClean_accesses::total       165618                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu09.data         4037                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           4037                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu09.data         7176                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         7176                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu09.data        36760                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total           36760                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu09.inst       166140                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       166140                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu09.data       187964                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       187964                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu09.data        14349                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.InvalidateReq_accesses::total        14349                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::cpu09.dtb.walker        33475                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::cpu09.itb.walker        41745                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::cpu09.inst        166140                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::cpu09.data        224724                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total             466084                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::cpu09.dtb.walker        33475                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::cpu09.itb.walker        41745                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::cpu09.inst       166140                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::cpu09.data       224724                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total            466084                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu09.dtb.walker     0.016191                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu09.itb.walker     0.010420                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.012989                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.876889                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l209.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.876889                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l209.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.965998                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l209.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.965998                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.374374                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.374374                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu09.inst     0.165987                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l209.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.165987                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l209.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.376960                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l209.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.376960                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l209.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.731340                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l209.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.731340                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::cpu09.dtb.walker     0.016191                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::cpu09.itb.walker     0.010420                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::cpu09.inst     0.165987                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.376537                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.242812                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::cpu09.dtb.walker     0.016191                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::cpu09.itb.walker     0.010420                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::cpu09.inst     0.165987                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.376537                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.242812                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks              23111                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                   23111                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.replacements                        95358                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l210.tags.tagsinuse                4878.367473                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.tags.total_refs                  18168184                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.tags.sampled_refs                 3508815                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.tags.avg_refs                    5.177869                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.tags.warmup_cycle            10891347320235500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    176.165812                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.tags.occ_blocks::cpu10.dtb.walker    20.662437                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.tags.occ_blocks::cpu10.itb.walker    14.877419                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.tags.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst    562.373199                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.tags.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   4104.288605                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.010752                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.tags.occ_percent::cpu10.dtb.walker     0.001261                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.tags.occ_percent::cpu10.itb.walker     0.000908                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.tags.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.034325                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.tags.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.250506                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.tags.occ_percent::total          0.297752                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          105                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l210.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        14320                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l210.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          105                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l210.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        14320                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l210.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.006409                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l210.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.874023                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l210.tags.tag_accesses                40224805                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l210.tags.data_accesses               40224805                       # Number of data accesses
system.l210.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::cpu10.dtb.walker      7221343                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::cpu10.itb.walker       108444                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total               7329787                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       950950                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l210.WritebackDirty_hits::total         950950                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l210.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       770340                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l210.WritebackClean_hits::total         770340                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l210.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu10.data          2073                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l210.UpgradeReq_hits::total               2073                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l210.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu10.data          132                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l210.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total              132                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::cpu10.data         101266                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total              101266                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu10.inst       701368                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l210.ReadCleanReq_hits::total           701368                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l210.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu10.data      1254997                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l210.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         1254997                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l210.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu10.data         5312                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l210.InvalidateReq_hits::total            5312                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::cpu10.dtb.walker      7221343                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::cpu10.itb.walker       108444                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::cpu10.inst            701368                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::cpu10.data           1356263                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                9387418                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::cpu10.dtb.walker      7221343                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::cpu10.itb.walker       108444                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::cpu10.inst           701368                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::cpu10.data          1356263                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total               9387418                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::cpu10.dtb.walker        55100                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::cpu10.itb.walker         1363                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total               56463                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu10.data         6054                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l210.UpgradeReq_misses::total             6054                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l210.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu10.data         5069                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l210.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           5069                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_misses::cpu10.data       388896                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_misses::total            388896                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l210.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu10.inst        69519                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l210.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          69519                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l210.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu10.data      2793391                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l210.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       2793391                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l210.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu10.data       170619                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l210.InvalidateReq_misses::total        170619                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::cpu10.dtb.walker        55100                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::cpu10.itb.walker         1363                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::cpu10.inst           69519                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::cpu10.data         3182287                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total              3308269                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::cpu10.dtb.walker        55100                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::cpu10.itb.walker         1363                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::cpu10.inst          69519                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::cpu10.data        3182287                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total             3308269                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::cpu10.dtb.walker      7276443                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::cpu10.itb.walker       109807                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total           7386250                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       950950                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       950950                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       770340                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.WritebackClean_accesses::total       770340                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu10.data         8127                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           8127                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu10.data         5201                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         5201                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu10.data       490162                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total          490162                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu10.inst       770887                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       770887                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu10.data      4048388                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      4048388                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu10.data       175931                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.InvalidateReq_accesses::total       175931                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::cpu10.dtb.walker      7276443                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::cpu10.itb.walker       109807                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::cpu10.inst        770887                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::cpu10.data       4538550                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total           12695687                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::cpu10.dtb.walker      7276443                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::cpu10.itb.walker       109807                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::cpu10.inst       770887                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::cpu10.data      4538550                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total          12695687                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu10.dtb.walker     0.007572                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu10.itb.walker     0.012413                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.007644                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.744924                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l210.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.744924                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l210.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.974620                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l210.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.974620                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.793403                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.793403                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu10.inst     0.090181                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l210.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.090181                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l210.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.690001                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l210.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.690001                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l210.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.969806                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l210.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.969806                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::cpu10.dtb.walker     0.007572                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::cpu10.itb.walker     0.012413                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::cpu10.inst     0.090181                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.701168                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.260582                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::cpu10.dtb.walker     0.007572                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::cpu10.itb.walker     0.012413                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::cpu10.inst     0.090181                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.701168                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.260582                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks             633974                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                  633974                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.replacements                      3471107                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l211.tags.tagsinuse                9003.064296                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.tags.total_refs                    757250                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.tags.sampled_refs                  119893                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.tags.avg_refs                    6.316048                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.tags.warmup_cycle            7594123007685500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    894.463566                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.dtb.walker    62.326028                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.itb.walker    67.182562                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   3254.688326                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   4724.403814                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.054594                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.dtb.walker     0.003804                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.itb.walker     0.004100                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.198650                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.288355                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.tags.occ_percent::total          0.549503                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          179                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l211.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        14323                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l211.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          179                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l211.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        14323                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l211.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.010925                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l211.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.874207                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l211.tags.tag_accesses                 1654723                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l211.tags.data_accesses                1654723                       # Number of data accesses
system.l211.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::cpu11.dtb.walker        27468                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::cpu11.itb.walker        32597                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                 60065                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       103540                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l211.WritebackDirty_hits::total         103540                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l211.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       140158                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l211.WritebackClean_hits::total         140158                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l211.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu11.data           485                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l211.UpgradeReq_hits::total                485                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l211.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu11.data          211                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l211.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total              211                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::cpu11.data          18150                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::total               18150                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu11.inst       116401                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l211.ReadCleanReq_hits::total           116401                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l211.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu11.data        99109                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l211.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           99109                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l211.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu11.data         3245                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l211.InvalidateReq_hits::total            3245                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l211.demand_hits::cpu11.dtb.walker        27468                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::cpu11.itb.walker        32597                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::cpu11.inst            116401                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::cpu11.data            117259                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                 293725                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::cpu11.dtb.walker        27468                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::cpu11.itb.walker        32597                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::cpu11.inst           116401                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::cpu11.data           117259                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                293725                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::cpu11.dtb.walker          483                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::cpu11.itb.walker          463                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total                 946                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu11.data         2701                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l211.UpgradeReq_misses::total             2701                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l211.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu11.data         6267                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l211.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           6267                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::cpu11.data        14551                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::total             14551                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu11.inst        24273                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l211.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          24273                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l211.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu11.data        64991                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l211.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         64991                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l211.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu11.data         9574                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l211.InvalidateReq_misses::total          9574                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::cpu11.dtb.walker          483                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::cpu11.itb.walker          463                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::cpu11.inst           24273                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::cpu11.data           79542                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total               104761                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::cpu11.dtb.walker          483                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::cpu11.itb.walker          463                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::cpu11.inst          24273                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::cpu11.data          79542                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total              104761                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::cpu11.dtb.walker        27951                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::cpu11.itb.walker        33060                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total             61011                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       103540                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       103540                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       140158                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.WritebackClean_accesses::total       140158                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu11.data         3186                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           3186                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu11.data         6478                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         6478                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu11.data        32701                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total           32701                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu11.inst       140674                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       140674                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu11.data       164100                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       164100                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu11.data        12819                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.InvalidateReq_accesses::total        12819                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::cpu11.dtb.walker        27951                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::cpu11.itb.walker        33060                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::cpu11.inst        140674                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::cpu11.data        196801                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total             398486                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::cpu11.dtb.walker        27951                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::cpu11.itb.walker        33060                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::cpu11.inst       140674                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::cpu11.data       196801                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total            398486                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu11.dtb.walker     0.017280                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu11.itb.walker     0.014005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.015505                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.847772                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l211.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.847772                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l211.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.967428                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l211.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.967428                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.444971                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.444971                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu11.inst     0.172548                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l211.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.172548                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l211.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.396045                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l211.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.396045                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l211.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.746860                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l211.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.746860                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::cpu11.dtb.walker     0.017280                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::cpu11.itb.walker     0.014005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::cpu11.inst     0.172548                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.404175                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.262898                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::cpu11.dtb.walker     0.017280                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::cpu11.itb.walker     0.014005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::cpu11.inst     0.172548                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.404175                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.262898                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks              21990                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                   21990                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.replacements                        87096                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l212.tags.tagsinuse               10022.120655                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.tags.total_refs                    609466                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.tags.sampled_refs                   82006                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.tags.avg_refs                    7.431968                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.tags.warmup_cycle            7594123307383000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   1704.758788                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.dtb.walker    41.728190                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.itb.walker    49.400594                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst   3917.516063                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.data   4308.717020                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.104050                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.dtb.walker     0.002547                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.itb.walker     0.003015                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.239106                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.262983                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.tags.occ_percent::total          0.611702                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          120                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l212.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        13578                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l212.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          120                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l212.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        13578                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l212.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.007324                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l212.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.828735                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l212.tags.tag_accesses                 1320450                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l212.tags.data_accesses                1320450                       # Number of data accesses
system.l212.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::cpu12.dtb.walker         8385                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::cpu12.itb.walker        34450                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                 42835                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        82540                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l212.WritebackDirty_hits::total          82540                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l212.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       138682                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l212.WritebackClean_hits::total         138682                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l212.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu12.data          1867                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l212.UpgradeReq_hits::total               1867                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l212.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu12.data          216                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l212.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total              216                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::cpu12.data          13432                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total               13432                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu12.inst       118675                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l212.ReadCleanReq_hits::total           118675                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l212.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu12.data        72636                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l212.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           72636                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l212.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu12.data         4428                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l212.InvalidateReq_hits::total            4428                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::cpu12.dtb.walker         8385                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::cpu12.itb.walker        34450                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::cpu12.inst            118675                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::cpu12.data             86068                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                 247578                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::cpu12.dtb.walker         8385                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::cpu12.itb.walker        34450                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::cpu12.inst           118675                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::cpu12.data            86068                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                247578                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::cpu12.dtb.walker          388                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::cpu12.itb.walker          247                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total                 635                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu12.data         3547                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l212.UpgradeReq_misses::total             3547                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l212.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu12.data         4512                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l212.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           4512                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::cpu12.data         8381                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::total              8381                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu12.inst        20536                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l212.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          20536                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l212.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu12.data        37113                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l212.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         37113                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l212.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu12.data         9741                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l212.InvalidateReq_misses::total          9741                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::cpu12.dtb.walker          388                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::cpu12.itb.walker          247                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::cpu12.inst           20536                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::cpu12.data           45494                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                66665                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::cpu12.dtb.walker          388                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::cpu12.itb.walker          247                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::cpu12.inst          20536                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::cpu12.data          45494                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total               66665                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::cpu12.dtb.walker         8773                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::cpu12.itb.walker        34697                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total             43470                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        82540                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        82540                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       138682                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.WritebackClean_accesses::total       138682                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu12.data         5414                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           5414                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu12.data         4728                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         4728                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu12.data        21813                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total           21813                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu12.inst       139211                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       139211                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu12.data       109749                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       109749                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu12.data        14169                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.InvalidateReq_accesses::total        14169                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::cpu12.dtb.walker         8773                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::cpu12.itb.walker        34697                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::cpu12.inst        139211                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::cpu12.data        131562                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total             314243                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::cpu12.dtb.walker         8773                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::cpu12.itb.walker        34697                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::cpu12.inst       139211                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::cpu12.data       131562                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total            314243                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu12.dtb.walker     0.044227                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu12.itb.walker     0.007119                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.014608                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.655153                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l212.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.655153                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l212.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.954315                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l212.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.954315                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.384220                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.384220                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu12.inst     0.147517                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l212.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.147517                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l212.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.338163                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l212.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.338163                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l212.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.687487                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l212.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.687487                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::cpu12.dtb.walker     0.044227                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::cpu12.itb.walker     0.007119                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::cpu12.inst     0.147517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.345799                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.212145                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::cpu12.dtb.walker     0.044227                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::cpu12.itb.walker     0.007119                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::cpu12.inst     0.147517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.345799                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.212145                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks              16087                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                   16087                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.replacements                        52346                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l213.tags.tagsinuse                8566.627008                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.tags.total_refs                   4743104                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.tags.sampled_refs                  133745                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.tags.avg_refs                   35.463786                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.tags.warmup_cycle            6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    601.052298                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.dtb.walker   104.791431                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.itb.walker   133.214316                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst   4462.295926                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.data   3265.273036                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.036685                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.dtb.walker     0.006396                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.itb.walker     0.008131                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.272357                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.199296                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.tags.occ_percent::total          0.522865                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          268                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l213.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         9704                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l213.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l213.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          266                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l213.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l213.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l213.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          110                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l213.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         9522                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l213.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.016357                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l213.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.592285                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l213.tags.tag_accesses                 9632113                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l213.tags.data_accesses                9632113                       # Number of data accesses
system.l213.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::cpu13.dtb.walker       240869                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::cpu13.itb.walker       463473                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                704342                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       227999                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l213.WritebackDirty_hits::total         227999                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l213.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks      1469473                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l213.WritebackClean_hits::total        1469473                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l213.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu13.data            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l213.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total                6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::cpu13.data          78730                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total               78730                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu13.inst      1441402                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l213.ReadCleanReq_hits::total          1441402                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l213.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu13.data       375541                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l213.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          375541                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l213.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu13.data        26133                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l213.InvalidateReq_hits::total           26133                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::cpu13.dtb.walker       240869                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::cpu13.itb.walker       463473                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::cpu13.inst           1441402                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::cpu13.data            454271                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                2600015                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::cpu13.dtb.walker       240869                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::cpu13.itb.walker       463473                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::cpu13.inst          1441402                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::cpu13.data           454271                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total               2600015                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::cpu13.dtb.walker         1170                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::cpu13.itb.walker          379                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total                1549                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu13.data        14292                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l213.UpgradeReq_misses::total            14292                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l213.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu13.data        13551                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l213.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          13551                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::cpu13.data         8139                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::total              8139                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu13.inst        28583                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l213.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          28583                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l213.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu13.data        56924                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l213.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         56924                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l213.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu13.data         2319                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l213.InvalidateReq_misses::total          2319                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::cpu13.dtb.walker         1170                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::cpu13.itb.walker          379                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::cpu13.inst           28583                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::cpu13.data           65063                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                95195                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::cpu13.dtb.walker         1170                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::cpu13.itb.walker          379                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::cpu13.inst          28583                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::cpu13.data          65063                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total               95195                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::cpu13.dtb.walker       242039                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::cpu13.itb.walker       463852                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total            705891                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       227999                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       227999                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks      1469473                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.WritebackClean_accesses::total      1469473                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu13.data        14292                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          14292                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu13.data        13557                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total        13557                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu13.data        86869                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total           86869                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu13.inst      1469985                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total      1469985                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu13.data       432465                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       432465                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu13.data        28452                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.InvalidateReq_accesses::total        28452                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::cpu13.dtb.walker       242039                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::cpu13.itb.walker       463852                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::cpu13.inst       1469985                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::cpu13.data        519334                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total            2695210                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::cpu13.dtb.walker       242039                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::cpu13.itb.walker       463852                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::cpu13.inst      1469985                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::cpu13.data       519334                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total           2695210                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu13.dtb.walker     0.004834                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu13.itb.walker     0.000817                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.002194                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l213.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l213.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.999557                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l213.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.999557                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.093693                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.093693                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu13.inst     0.019444                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l213.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.019444                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l213.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.131627                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l213.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.131627                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l213.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.081506                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l213.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.081506                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::cpu13.dtb.walker     0.004834                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::cpu13.itb.walker     0.000817                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::cpu13.inst     0.019444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.125282                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.035320                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::cpu13.dtb.walker     0.004834                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::cpu13.itb.walker     0.000817                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::cpu13.inst     0.019444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.125282                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.035320                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks               7926                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                    7926                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.replacements                        57678                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l214.tags.tagsinuse                7401.898905                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.tags.total_refs                  41741010                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.tags.sampled_refs                  990966                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.tags.avg_refs                   42.121536                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.tags.warmup_cycle            6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   1506.464084                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.dtb.walker    39.230095                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.itb.walker    65.401451                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst   3141.883143                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.data   2648.920133                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.091947                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.dtb.walker     0.002394                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.itb.walker     0.003992                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.191765                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.161677                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.tags.occ_percent::total          0.451776                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l214.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         7503                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l214.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l214.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::1            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l214.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l214.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          110                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l214.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           55                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l214.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          168                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l214.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          466                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l214.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         6814                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l214.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.007812                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l214.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.457947                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l214.tags.tag_accesses                84596082                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l214.tags.data_accesses               84596082                       # Number of data accesses
system.l214.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::cpu14.dtb.walker       689754                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::cpu14.itb.walker      4348359                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total               5038113                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      2076725                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l214.WritebackDirty_hits::total        2076725                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l214.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks     14359614                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l214.WritebackClean_hits::total       14359614                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::cpu14.data         627834                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total              627834                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu14.inst     14056409                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l214.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         14056409                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l214.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu14.data      2821162                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l214.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         2821162                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l214.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu14.data       165659                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l214.InvalidateReq_hits::total          165659                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::cpu14.dtb.walker       689754                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::cpu14.itb.walker      4348359                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::cpu14.inst          14056409                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::cpu14.data           3448996                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total               22543518                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::cpu14.dtb.walker       689754                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::cpu14.itb.walker      4348359                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::cpu14.inst         14056409                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::cpu14.data          3448996                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total              22543518                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::cpu14.dtb.walker        23296                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::cpu14.itb.walker        17767                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total               41063                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu14.data        38026                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l214.UpgradeReq_misses::total            38026                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l214.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu14.data        28338                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l214.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          28338                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::cpu14.data        57439                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::total             57439                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu14.inst       303717                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l214.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         303717                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l214.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu14.data       281110                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l214.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        281110                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l214.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu14.data        44323                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l214.InvalidateReq_misses::total         44323                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::cpu14.dtb.walker        23296                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::cpu14.itb.walker        17767                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::cpu14.inst          303717                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::cpu14.data          338549                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total               683329                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::cpu14.dtb.walker        23296                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::cpu14.itb.walker        17767                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::cpu14.inst         303717                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::cpu14.data         338549                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total              683329                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::cpu14.dtb.walker       713050                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::cpu14.itb.walker      4366126                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total           5079176                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      2076725                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      2076725                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks     14359614                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.WritebackClean_accesses::total     14359614                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu14.data        38026                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          38026                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu14.data        28338                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total        28338                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu14.data       685273                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total          685273                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu14.inst     14360126                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total     14360126                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu14.data      3102272                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      3102272                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu14.data       209982                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.InvalidateReq_accesses::total       209982                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::cpu14.dtb.walker       713050                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::cpu14.itb.walker      4366126                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::cpu14.inst      14360126                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::cpu14.data       3787545                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total           23226847                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::cpu14.dtb.walker       713050                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::cpu14.itb.walker      4366126                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::cpu14.inst     14360126                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::cpu14.data      3787545                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total          23226847                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu14.dtb.walker     0.032671                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu14.itb.walker     0.004069                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.008085                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l214.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l214.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l214.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.083819                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.083819                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu14.inst     0.021150                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l214.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.021150                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l214.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.090614                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l214.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.090614                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l214.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.211080                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l214.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.211080                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::cpu14.dtb.walker     0.032671                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::cpu14.itb.walker     0.004069                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::cpu14.inst     0.021150                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.089385                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.029420                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::cpu14.dtb.walker     0.032671                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::cpu14.itb.walker     0.004069                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::cpu14.inst     0.021150                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.089385                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.029420                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks             150803                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                  150803                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.replacements                       723855                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l215.tags.tagsinuse               12186.366303                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.tags.total_refs                   1311424                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.tags.sampled_refs                  131759                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.tags.avg_refs                    9.953202                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.tags.warmup_cycle            6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   1487.662018                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.dtb.walker    91.015795                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.itb.walker    90.970359                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst   4520.730971                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.data   5995.987160                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.090800                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.dtb.walker     0.005555                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.itb.walker     0.005552                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.275924                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.365966                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.tags.occ_percent::total          0.743797                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          144                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l215.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        14294                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l215.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          144                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l215.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        14294                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l215.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.008789                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l215.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.872437                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l215.tags.tag_accesses                 2778167                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l215.tags.data_accesses                2778167                       # Number of data accesses
system.l215.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::cpu15.dtb.walker        49744                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::cpu15.itb.walker        92053                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                141797                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       127328                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l215.WritebackDirty_hits::total         127328                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l215.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       328754                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l215.WritebackClean_hits::total         328754                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l215.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu15.data          1004                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l215.UpgradeReq_hits::total               1004                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l215.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu15.data          246                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l215.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total              246                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::cpu15.data          25990                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total               25990                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu15.inst       298109                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l215.ReadCleanReq_hits::total           298109                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l215.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu15.data       135700                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l215.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          135700                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l215.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu15.data         6601                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l215.InvalidateReq_hits::total            6601                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::cpu15.dtb.walker        49744                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::cpu15.itb.walker        92053                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::cpu15.inst            298109                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::cpu15.data            161690                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                 601596                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::cpu15.dtb.walker        49744                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::cpu15.itb.walker        92053                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::cpu15.inst           298109                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::cpu15.data           161690                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                601596                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::cpu15.dtb.walker          669                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::cpu15.itb.walker          408                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total                1077                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu15.data         5381                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l215.UpgradeReq_misses::total             5381                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l215.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu15.data         7677                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l215.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           7677                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::cpu15.data        12347                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::total             12347                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu15.inst        31172                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l215.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          31172                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l215.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu15.data        65904                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l215.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         65904                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l215.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu15.data        10640                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l215.InvalidateReq_misses::total         10640                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::cpu15.dtb.walker          669                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::cpu15.itb.walker          408                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::cpu15.inst           31172                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::cpu15.data           78251                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total               110500                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::cpu15.dtb.walker          669                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::cpu15.itb.walker          408                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::cpu15.inst          31172                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::cpu15.data          78251                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total              110500                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::cpu15.dtb.walker        50413                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::cpu15.itb.walker        92461                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total            142874                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       127328                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       127328                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       328754                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.WritebackClean_accesses::total       328754                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu15.data         6385                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           6385                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu15.data         7923                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         7923                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu15.data        38337                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total           38337                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu15.inst       329281                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       329281                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu15.data       201604                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       201604                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu15.data        17241                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.InvalidateReq_accesses::total        17241                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::cpu15.dtb.walker        50413                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::cpu15.itb.walker        92461                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::cpu15.inst        329281                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::cpu15.data        239941                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total             712096                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::cpu15.dtb.walker        50413                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::cpu15.itb.walker        92461                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::cpu15.inst       329281                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::cpu15.data       239941                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total            712096                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu15.dtb.walker     0.013270                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu15.itb.walker     0.004413                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.007538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.842756                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l215.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.842756                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l215.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.968951                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l215.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.968951                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.322065                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.322065                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu15.inst     0.094667                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l215.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.094667                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l215.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.326898                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l215.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.326898                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l215.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.617134                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l215.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.617134                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::cpu15.dtb.walker     0.013270                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::cpu15.itb.walker     0.004413                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::cpu15.inst     0.094667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.326126                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.155176                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::cpu15.dtb.walker     0.013270                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::cpu15.itb.walker     0.004413                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::cpu15.inst     0.094667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.326126                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.155176                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks              22836                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                   22836                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.replacements                        93408                       # number of replacements
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      16044717                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      7062266                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests      2819597                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               38286                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            5665275                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq              29384                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp             29384                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      2715173                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          4797105                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           167064                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         155365                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          322429                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           1222195                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          1222195                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       5626989                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq       1360826                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp      1360826                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1608926                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total      1608926                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l200.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        36288                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l200.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         8750                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l200.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      3910954                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l200.mem_side::total      3955992                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l201.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           76                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l201.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         1088                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l201.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       331940                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l201.mem_side::total       333104                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l202.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        12298                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l202.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         1962                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l202.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       453426                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l202.mem_side::total       467686                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l203.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         4358                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l203.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         1378                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l203.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       197648                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l203.mem_side::total       203384                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l204.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          688                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l204.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        19542                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l204.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      2339359                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l204.mem_side::total      2359589                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l205.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          144                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l205.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         6990                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l205.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       835276                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l205.mem_side::total       842410                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l206.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           72                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l206.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio          612                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l206.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       240444                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l206.mem_side::total       241128                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l207.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          918                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l207.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         1108                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l207.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       197177                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l207.mem_side::total       199203                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l208.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           72                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l208.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio          894                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l208.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       266059                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l208.mem_side::total       267025                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l209.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           72                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l209.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio          918                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l209.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       360752                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l209.mem_side::total       361742                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l210.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         9936                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l210.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         2624                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l210.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     10424347                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l210.mem_side::total     10436907                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l211.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio          602                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l211.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       330965                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l211.mem_side::total       331567                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l212.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio          830                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l212.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       219510                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l212.mem_side::total       220340                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l213.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         8282                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l213.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       297125                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l213.mem_side::total       305407                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l214.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        12810                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l214.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      2206048                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l214.mem_side::total      2218858                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l215.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          180                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l215.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         1848                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l215.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       357200                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l215.mem_side::total       359228                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               24712496                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     34323072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total     34323072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l200.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        32438                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l200.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        17500                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l200.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    120075712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l200.mem_side::total    120125650                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l201.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           76                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l201.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         2176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l201.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      8071488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l201.mem_side::total      8073740                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l202.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        10558                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l202.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         3924                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l202.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     11061376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l202.mem_side::total     11075858                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l203.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         4013                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l203.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         2756                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l203.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      4779136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l203.mem_side::total      4785905                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l204.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          463                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l204.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        39084                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l204.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     55075584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l204.mem_side::total     55115131                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l205.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           84                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l205.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        13980                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l205.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     19595776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l205.mem_side::total     19609840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l206.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           42                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l206.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         1224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l206.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      5860736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l206.mem_side::total      5862002                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l207.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          828                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l207.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         2216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l207.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      4577536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l207.mem_side::total      4580580                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l208.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           42                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l208.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         1788                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l208.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      6291456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l208.mem_side::total      6293286                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l209.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           42                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l209.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         1836                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l209.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      8695424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l209.mem_side::total      8697302                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l210.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         5796                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l210.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         5248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l210.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    252181312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l210.mem_side::total    252192356                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l211.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         1204                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l211.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      8086016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l211.mem_side::total      8087220                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l212.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         1660                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l212.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      5261568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l212.mem_side::total      5263228                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l213.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        16564                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l213.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      6570624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l213.mem_side::total      6587188                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l214.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        25620                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l214.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     53108672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l214.mem_side::total     53134292                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l215.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          105                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l215.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         3696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l215.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      8503360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l215.mem_side::total      8507161                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               612313811                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           8600109                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean             1.018537                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev            2.751295                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                 6237846     72.53%     72.53% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                 1308216     15.21%     87.74% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                  162180      1.89%     89.63% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::3                  152058      1.77%     91.40% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::4                  106801      1.24%     92.64% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::5                   79451      0.92%     93.56% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::6                   76365      0.89%     94.45% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::7                   53710      0.62%     95.08% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::8                   49020      0.57%     95.65% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::9                   44273      0.51%     96.16% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::10                  43656      0.51%     96.67% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::11                  46762      0.54%     97.21% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::12                  47997      0.56%     97.77% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::13                  44616      0.52%     98.29% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::14                  92738      1.08%     99.37% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::15                  54420      0.63%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::16                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::17                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value              15                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             8600109                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.directResponses                       0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.membus.badaddr_responder.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.pci_host.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pci_ide.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.clock24MHz.voltage_domain.voltage     3.300000                       # Voltage in Volts
system.realview.clock24MHz.clock                41667                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.realview_io.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.dcc.osc_cpu.clock               16667                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.dcc.osc_ddr.clock               25000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.dcc.osc_hsbm.clock              25000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.dcc.osc_pxl.clock               42105                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.dcc.osc_smb.clock               20000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.dcc.osc_sys.clock               16667                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.energy_ctrl.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.ethernet.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAReads               0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAWrites              0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.postedSwi                  0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedSwi             nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalSwi                   0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxIdle               0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle          nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxIdle                0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOk                 0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOk            nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOk                  0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxDesc               0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc          nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxDesc                0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxOk                 0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxOk            nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxOk                  0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxIdle               0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle          nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxIdle                0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxDesc               0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc          nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxDesc                0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOrn                0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn           nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOrn                 0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTotal           nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.droppedPackets             0                       # number of packets dropped
system.realview.gic.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.generic_timer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.gicv2m.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.hdlcd.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.kmi0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.kmi1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.mcc.osc_clcd.clock              42105                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.mcc.osc_mcc.clock               20000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.mcc.osc_peripheral.clock        41667                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.mcc.osc_system_bus.clock        41667                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.rtc.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.uart0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.vgic.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.vio0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.vio1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.viopci.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus00.snoop_filter.tot_requests      4251931                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus00.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      2137401                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus00.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          153                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus00.snoop_filter.tot_snoops       139309                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus00.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       139309                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus00.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus00.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::ReadReq           207139                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::ReadResp         1683283                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::WriteReq            9538                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::WriteResp           9538                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       779460                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::WritebackClean       546038                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::CleanEvict        763811                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         14652                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        10960                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        25612                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::ReadExReq         616531                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::ReadExResp        616531                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       546550                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       929594                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::CleanSharedReq         1664                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::CleanSharedResp         1664                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        20198                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        20198                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.pkt_count_system.cpu00.icache.mem_side::system.l200.cpu_side      1639138                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus00.pkt_count_system.cpu00.dcache.mem_side::system.l200.cpu_side      4775507                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus00.pkt_count_system.cpu00.itb.walker.dma::system.l200.cpu_side       262454                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus00.pkt_count_system.cpu00.dtb.walker.dma::system.l200.cpu_side       125862                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus00.pkt_count::total             6802961                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus00.pkt_size_system.cpu00.icache.mem_side::system.l200.cpu_side     69925632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus00.pkt_size_system.cpu00.dcache.mem_side::system.l200.cpu_side    148887378                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus00.pkt_size_system.cpu00.itb.walker.dma::system.l200.cpu_side      1049816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus00.pkt_size_system.cpu00.dtb.walker.dma::system.l200.cpu_side       503448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus00.pkt_size::total            220366274                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus00.snoops                       2263154                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus00.snoopTraffic                37487104                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus00.snoop_fanout::samples        4585372                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus00.snoop_fanout::mean          0.035316                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus00.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.184576                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus00.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus00.snoop_fanout::0              4423437     96.47%     96.47% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus00.snoop_fanout::1               161935      3.53%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus00.snoop_fanout::2                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus00.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus00.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus00.snoop_fanout::max_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus00.snoop_fanout::total          4585372                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus00.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus01.snoop_filter.tot_requests       793168                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus01.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       408850                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus01.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           23                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus01.snoop_filter.tot_snoops        99464                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus01.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        99464                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus01.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus01.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::ReadReq            84415                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::ReadResp          423109                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::WriteReq             221                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::WriteResp            221                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       107187                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::WritebackClean       165915                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::CleanEvict        105947                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          4725                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         6441                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        11166                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::ReadExReq          32667                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::ReadExResp         32667                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       166427                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       172267                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        12961                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        12961                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.pkt_count_system.cpu01.icache.mem_side::system.l201.cpu_side       498769                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus01.pkt_count_system.cpu01.dcache.mem_side::system.l201.cpu_side       672420                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus01.pkt_count_system.cpu01.itb.walker.dma::system.l201.cpu_side        82598                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus01.pkt_count_system.cpu01.dtb.walker.dma::system.l201.cpu_side        85510                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus01.pkt_count::total             1339297                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus01.pkt_size_system.cpu01.icache.mem_side::system.l201.cpu_side     21269888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus01.pkt_size_system.cpu01.dcache.mem_side::system.l201.cpu_side     19977996                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus01.pkt_size_system.cpu01.itb.walker.dma::system.l201.cpu_side       330392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus01.pkt_size_system.cpu01.dtb.walker.dma::system.l201.cpu_side       342040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus01.pkt_size::total             41920316                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus01.snoops                        583030                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus01.snoopTraffic                 1489536                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus01.snoop_fanout::samples        1054837                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus01.snoop_fanout::mean          0.111977                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus01.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.315339                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus01.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus01.snoop_fanout::0               936719     88.80%     88.80% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus01.snoop_fanout::1               118118     11.20%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus01.snoop_fanout::2                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus01.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus01.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus01.snoop_fanout::max_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus01.snoop_fanout::total          1054837                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus01.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus02.snoop_filter.tot_requests      1491395                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus02.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       731187                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus02.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           39                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus02.snoop_filter.tot_snoops        95387                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus02.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        95387                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus02.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus02.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::ReadReq           140876                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::ReadResp          786280                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::WriteReq            3680                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::WriteResp           3680                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       167289                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::WritebackClean       408886                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::CleanEvict        128762                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          6505                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         5178                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        11683                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::ReadExReq          48980                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::ReadExResp         48980                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       409398                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       236006                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::CleanSharedReq        48192                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::CleanSharedResp        48192                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        17806                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        17806                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.pkt_count_system.cpu02.icache.mem_side::system.l202.cpu_side      1227682                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus02.pkt_count_system.cpu02.dcache.mem_side::system.l202.cpu_side      1035645                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus02.pkt_count_system.cpu02.itb.walker.dma::system.l202.cpu_side       185916                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus02.pkt_count_system.cpu02.dtb.walker.dma::system.l202.cpu_side        88936                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus02.pkt_count::total             2538179                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus02.pkt_size_system.cpu02.icache.mem_side::system.l202.cpu_side     52370176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus02.pkt_size_system.cpu02.dcache.mem_side::system.l202.cpu_side     28960082                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus02.pkt_size_system.cpu02.itb.walker.dma::system.l202.cpu_side       743664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus02.pkt_size_system.cpu02.dtb.walker.dma::system.l202.cpu_side       355744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus02.pkt_size::total             82429666                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus02.snoops                        709819                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus02.snoopTraffic                 2046336                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus02.snoop_fanout::samples        1615026                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus02.snoop_fanout::mean          0.067998                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus02.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.251743                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus02.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus02.snoop_fanout::0              1505207     93.20%     93.20% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus02.snoop_fanout::1               109819      6.80%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus02.snoop_fanout::2                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus02.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus02.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus02.snoop_fanout::max_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus02.snoop_fanout::total          1615026                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus02.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus03.snoop_filter.tot_requests       587444                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus03.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       295634                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus03.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           49                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus03.snoop_filter.tot_snoops        92511                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus03.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        92510                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus03.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus03.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::ReadReq            55494                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::ReadResp          312372                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::WriteReq            1422                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::WriteResp           1422                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        65143                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::WritebackClean       167824                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::CleanEvict         46712                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          4551                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         3348                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         7899                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::ReadExReq          18925                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::ReadExResp         18925                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       168336                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        88542                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::CleanSharedReq         6784                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::CleanSharedResp         6784                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         9224                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::InvalidateResp         9224                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.pkt_count_system.cpu03.icache.mem_side::system.l203.cpu_side       504496                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus03.pkt_count_system.cpu03.dcache.mem_side::system.l203.cpu_side       380339                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus03.pkt_count_system.cpu03.itb.walker.dma::system.l203.cpu_side        83740                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus03.pkt_count_system.cpu03.dtb.walker.dma::system.l203.cpu_side        24356                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus03.pkt_count::total              992931                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus03.pkt_size_system.cpu03.icache.mem_side::system.l203.cpu_side     21514240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus03.pkt_size_system.cpu03.dcache.mem_side::system.l203.cpu_side     11053809                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus03.pkt_size_system.cpu03.itb.walker.dma::system.l203.cpu_side       334960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus03.pkt_size_system.cpu03.dtb.walker.dma::system.l203.cpu_side        97424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus03.pkt_size::total             33000433                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus03.snoops                        621683                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus03.snoopTraffic                  816768                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus03.snoop_fanout::samples         968589                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus03.snoop_fanout::mean          0.103879                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus03.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.305107                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus03.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus03.snoop_fanout::0               867974     89.61%     89.61% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus03.snoop_fanout::1               100614     10.39%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus03.snoop_fanout::2                    1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus03.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus03.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus03.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus03.snoop_fanout::total           968589                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus03.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus04.snoop_filter.tot_requests     11828794                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus04.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      5946745                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus04.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         9458                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus04.snoop_filter.tot_snoops       201826                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus04.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       201823                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus04.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            3                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus04.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::ReadReq          1572994                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::ReadResp         6680307                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::WriteReq            3436                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::WriteResp           3436                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1212686                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::WritebackClean      3968832                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::CleanEvict        662962                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         28617                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        25766                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        54383                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::ReadExReq         247856                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::ReadExResp        247856                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq      3969344                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      1137969                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::CleanSharedReq         4096                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::CleanSharedResp         4096                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::InvalidateReq       522814                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::InvalidateResp       522814                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.pkt_count_system.cpu04.icache.mem_side::system.l204.cpu_side     11907520                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus04.pkt_count_system.cpu04.dcache.mem_side::system.l204.cpu_side      5830114                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus04.pkt_count_system.cpu04.itb.walker.dma::system.l204.cpu_side      1947154                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus04.pkt_count_system.cpu04.dtb.walker.dma::system.l204.cpu_side      1185476                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus04.pkt_count::total            20870264                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus04.pkt_size_system.cpu04.icache.mem_side::system.l204.cpu_side    508043264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus04.pkt_size_system.cpu04.dcache.mem_side::system.l204.cpu_side    166344251                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus04.pkt_size_system.cpu04.itb.walker.dma::system.l204.cpu_side      7788616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus04.pkt_size_system.cpu04.dtb.walker.dma::system.l204.cpu_side      4741904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus04.pkt_size::total            686918035                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus04.snoops                       1377345                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus04.snoopTraffic                35333120                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus04.snoop_fanout::samples        8834827                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus04.snoop_fanout::mean          0.029332                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus04.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.168736                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus04.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus04.snoop_fanout::0              8575691     97.07%     97.07% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus04.snoop_fanout::1               259133      2.93%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus04.snoop_fanout::2                    3      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus04.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus04.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus04.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus04.snoop_fanout::total          8834827                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus04.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus05.snoop_filter.tot_requests      4610833                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus05.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      2331656                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus05.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           39                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus05.snoop_filter.tot_snoops       122054                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus05.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       122054                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus05.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus05.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::ReadReq           745223                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::ReadResp         2841040                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::WriteReq            1185                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::WriteResp           1185                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       385154                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::WritebackClean      1461476                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::CleanEvict        412302                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         17296                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        21020                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        38316                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::ReadExReq         131281                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::ReadExResp        131281                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq      1461988                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       633829                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        52110                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        52110                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.pkt_count_system.cpu05.icache.mem_side::system.l205.cpu_side      4385452                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus05.pkt_count_system.cpu05.dcache.mem_side::system.l205.cpu_side      2515662                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus05.pkt_count_system.cpu05.itb.walker.dma::system.l205.cpu_side       918868                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus05.pkt_count_system.cpu05.dtb.walker.dma::system.l205.cpu_side       566814                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus05.pkt_count::total             8386796                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus05.pkt_size_system.cpu05.icache.mem_side::system.l205.cpu_side    187101696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus05.pkt_size_system.cpu05.dcache.mem_side::system.l205.cpu_side     73630960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus05.pkt_size_system.cpu05.itb.walker.dma::system.l205.cpu_side      3675472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus05.pkt_size_system.cpu05.dtb.walker.dma::system.l205.cpu_side      2267256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus05.pkt_size::total            266675384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus05.snoops                        800377                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus05.snoopTraffic                 3470336                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus05.snoop_fanout::samples        3832878                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus05.snoop_fanout::mean          0.040823                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus05.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.197880                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus05.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus05.snoop_fanout::0              3676408     95.92%     95.92% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus05.snoop_fanout::1               156470      4.08%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus05.snoop_fanout::2                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus05.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus05.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus05.snoop_fanout::max_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus05.snoop_fanout::total          3832878                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus05.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus06.snoop_filter.tot_requests       626953                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus06.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       323373                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus06.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           29                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus06.snoop_filter.tot_snoops        84807                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus06.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        84807                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus06.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus06.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::ReadReq            68355                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::ReadResp          334492                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::WriteReq             111                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::WriteResp            111                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        84350                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::WritebackClean       140133                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::CleanEvict         75309                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          3084                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         4186                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         7270                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::ReadExReq          24298                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::ReadExResp         24298                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       140645                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       125492                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::CleanSharedReq          576                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::CleanSharedResp          576                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        12569                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        12569                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.pkt_count_system.cpu06.icache.mem_side::system.l206.cpu_side       421423                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus06.pkt_count_system.cpu06.dcache.mem_side::system.l206.cpu_side       500753                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus06.pkt_count_system.cpu06.itb.walker.dma::system.l206.cpu_side        78486                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus06.pkt_count_system.cpu06.dtb.walker.dma::system.l206.cpu_side        57762                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus06.pkt_count::total             1058424                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus06.pkt_size_system.cpu06.icache.mem_side::system.l206.cpu_side     17969792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus06.pkt_size_system.cpu06.dcache.mem_side::system.l206.cpu_side     14986226                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus06.pkt_size_system.cpu06.itb.walker.dma::system.l206.cpu_side       313944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus06.pkt_size_system.cpu06.dtb.walker.dma::system.l206.cpu_side       231048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus06.pkt_size::total             33501010                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus06.snoops                        620948                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus06.snoopTraffic                 1079040                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus06.snoop_fanout::samples         997113                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus06.snoop_fanout::mean          0.101440                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus06.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.301910                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus06.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus06.snoop_fanout::0               895966     89.86%     89.86% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus06.snoop_fanout::1               101147     10.14%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus06.snoop_fanout::2                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus06.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus06.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus06.snoop_fanout::max_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus06.snoop_fanout::total           997113                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus06.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus07.snoop_filter.tot_requests       562765                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus07.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       284416                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus07.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           11                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus07.snoop_filter.tot_snoops       102353                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus07.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       102353                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus07.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus07.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::ReadReq            49313                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::ReadResp          294454                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::WriteReq             497                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::WriteResp            497                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        62973                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::WritebackClean       162747                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::CleanEvict         44672                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          4525                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         2325                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         6850                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::ReadExReq          19628                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::ReadExResp         19628                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       163259                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        81882                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::CleanSharedReq         1984                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::CleanSharedResp         1984                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        11601                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        11601                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.pkt_count_system.cpu07.icache.mem_side::system.l207.cpu_side       489265                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus07.pkt_count_system.cpu07.dcache.mem_side::system.l207.cpu_side       353561                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus07.pkt_count_system.cpu07.itb.walker.dma::system.l207.cpu_side        72810                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus07.pkt_count_system.cpu07.dtb.walker.dma::system.l207.cpu_side        24784                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus07.pkt_count::total              940420                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus07.pkt_size_system.cpu07.icache.mem_side::system.l207.cpu_side     20864384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus07.pkt_size_system.cpu07.dcache.mem_side::system.l207.cpu_side     10529956                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus07.pkt_size_system.cpu07.itb.walker.dma::system.l207.cpu_side       291240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus07.pkt_size_system.cpu07.dtb.walker.dma::system.l207.cpu_side        99136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus07.pkt_size::total             31784716                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus07.snoops                        600863                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus07.snoopTraffic                  797056                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus07.snoop_fanout::samples         925050                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus07.snoop_fanout::mean          0.118408                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus07.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.323090                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus07.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus07.snoop_fanout::0               815517     88.16%     88.16% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus07.snoop_fanout::1               109533     11.84%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus07.snoop_fanout::2                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus07.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus07.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus07.snoop_fanout::max_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus07.snoop_fanout::total           925050                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus07.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus08.snoop_filter.tot_requests       588932                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus08.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       303424                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus08.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           21                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus08.snoop_filter.tot_snoops        89877                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus08.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        89877                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus08.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus08.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::ReadReq            60163                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::ReadResp          306223                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::WriteReq             168                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::WriteResp            168                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        82914                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::WritebackClean       128460                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::CleanEvict         68698                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          4522                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         5531                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        10053                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::ReadExReq          26210                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::ReadExResp         26210                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       128972                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       117088                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        13248                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        13248                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.pkt_count_system.cpu08.icache.mem_side::system.l208.cpu_side       386404                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus08.pkt_count_system.cpu08.dcache.mem_side::system.l208.cpu_side       485776                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus08.pkt_count_system.cpu08.itb.walker.dma::system.l208.cpu_side        67710                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus08.pkt_count_system.cpu08.dtb.walker.dma::system.l208.cpu_side        51986                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus08.pkt_count::total              991876                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus08.pkt_size_system.cpu08.icache.mem_side::system.l208.cpu_side     16475648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus08.pkt_size_system.cpu08.dcache.mem_side::system.l208.cpu_side     14479398                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus08.pkt_size_system.cpu08.itb.walker.dma::system.l208.cpu_side       270840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus08.pkt_size_system.cpu08.dtb.walker.dma::system.l208.cpu_side       207944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus08.pkt_size::total             31433830                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus08.snoops                        592354                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus08.snoopTraffic                 1034880                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus08.snoop_fanout::samples         940238                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus08.snoop_fanout::mean          0.109746                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus08.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.312573                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus08.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus08.snoop_fanout::0               837051     89.03%     89.03% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus08.snoop_fanout::1               103187     10.97%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus08.snoop_fanout::2                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus08.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus08.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus08.snoop_fanout::max_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus08.snoop_fanout::total           940238                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus08.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus09.snoop_filter.tot_requests       831680                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus09.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       425577                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus09.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           33                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus09.snoop_filter.tot_snoops        93527                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus09.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        93527                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus09.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus09.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::ReadReq            86891                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::ReadResp          440995                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::WriteReq             167                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::WriteResp            167                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       121371                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::WritebackClean       165628                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::CleanEvict        113489                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          4037                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         7176                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        11213                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::ReadExReq          36760                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::ReadExResp         36760                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       166140                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       187964                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::CleanSharedReq          896                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::CleanSharedResp          896                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        14349                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        14349                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.pkt_count_system.cpu09.icache.mem_side::system.l209.cpu_side       497908                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus09.pkt_count_system.cpu09.dcache.mem_side::system.l209.cpu_side       738214                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus09.pkt_count_system.cpu09.itb.walker.dma::system.l209.cpu_side        90124                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus09.pkt_count_system.cpu09.dtb.walker.dma::system.l209.cpu_side        83002                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus09.pkt_count::total             1409248                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus09.pkt_size_system.cpu09.icache.mem_side::system.l209.cpu_side     21233152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus09.pkt_size_system.cpu09.dcache.mem_side::system.l209.cpu_side     22151958                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus09.pkt_size_system.cpu09.itb.walker.dma::system.l209.cpu_side       360496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus09.pkt_size_system.cpu09.dtb.walker.dma::system.l209.cpu_side       332008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus09.pkt_size::total             44077614                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus09.snoops                        631694                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus09.snoopTraffic                 1479104                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus09.snoop_fanout::samples        1129550                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus09.snoop_fanout::mean          0.095109                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus09.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.293365                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus09.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus09.snoop_fanout::0              1022120     90.49%     90.49% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus09.snoop_fanout::1               107430      9.51%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus09.snoop_fanout::2                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus09.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus09.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus09.snoop_fanout::max_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus09.snoop_fanout::total          1129550                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus09.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus10.snoop_filter.tot_requests     11018563                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus10.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      5529511                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus10.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         4110                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus10.snoop_filter.tot_snoops        92814                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus10.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        92812                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus10.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            2                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus10.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::ReadReq          7412899                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::ReadResp        12232174                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::WriteReq            3470                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::WriteResp           3470                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       950950                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::WritebackClean       770375                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::CleanEvict       3755834                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          8127                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         5201                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        13328                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::ReadExReq         490162                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::ReadExResp        490162                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       770887                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      4048388                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::CleanSharedReq         3712                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::CleanSharedResp         3712                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::InvalidateReq       175931                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::InvalidateResp       175931                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.pkt_count_system.cpu10.icache.mem_side::system.l210.cpu_side      2312149                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus10.pkt_count_system.cpu10.dcache.mem_side::system.l210.cpu_side     14182386                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus10.pkt_count_system.cpu10.itb.walker.dma::system.l210.cpu_side       226378                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus10.pkt_count_system.cpu10.dtb.walker.dma::system.l210.cpu_side     14593800                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus10.pkt_count::total            31314713                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus10.pkt_size_system.cpu10.icache.mem_side::system.l210.cpu_side     98640768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus10.pkt_size_system.cpu10.dcache.mem_side::system.l210.cpu_side    351339044                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus10.pkt_size_system.cpu10.itb.walker.dma::system.l210.cpu_side       905512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus10.pkt_size_system.cpu10.dtb.walker.dma::system.l210.cpu_side     58375200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus10.pkt_size::total            509260524                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus10.snoops                       3668375                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus10.snoopTraffic                40574336                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus10.snoop_fanout::samples       16572193                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus10.snoop_fanout::mean          0.008202                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus10.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.090193                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus10.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus10.snoop_fanout::0             16436273     99.18%     99.18% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus10.snoop_fanout::1               135918      0.82%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus10.snoop_fanout::2                    2      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus10.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus10.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus10.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus10.snoop_fanout::total         16572193                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus10.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus11.snoop_filter.tot_requests       724452                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus11.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       374166                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus11.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           21                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus11.snoop_filter.tot_snoops        87769                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus11.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        87769                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus11.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus11.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::ReadReq            76864                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::ReadResp          381638                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::WriteReq              96                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::WriteResp             96                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       103540                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::WritebackClean       140162                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::CleanEvict        102765                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          3186                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         6478                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         9664                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::ReadExReq          32701                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::ReadExResp         32701                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       140674                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       164100                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        12819                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        12819                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.pkt_count_system.cpu11.icache.mem_side::system.l211.cpu_side       421510                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus11.pkt_count_system.cpu11.dcache.mem_side::system.l211.cpu_side       645475                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus11.pkt_count_system.cpu11.itb.walker.dma::system.l211.cpu_side        75076                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus11.pkt_count_system.cpu11.dtb.walker.dma::system.l211.cpu_side        78242                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus11.pkt_count::total             1220303                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus11.pkt_size_system.cpu11.icache.mem_side::system.l211.cpu_side     17973504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus11.pkt_size_system.cpu11.dcache.mem_side::system.l211.cpu_side     19223028                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus11.pkt_size_system.cpu11.itb.walker.dma::system.l211.cpu_side       300304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus11.pkt_size_system.cpu11.dtb.walker.dma::system.l211.cpu_side       312968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus11.pkt_size::total             37809804                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus11.snoops                        588953                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus11.snoopTraffic                 1407360                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus11.snoop_fanout::samples        1021234                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus11.snoop_fanout::mean          0.103617                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus11.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.304763                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus11.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus11.snoop_fanout::0               915417     89.64%     89.64% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus11.snoop_fanout::1               105817     10.36%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus11.snoop_fanout::2                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus11.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus11.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus11.snoop_fanout::max_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus11.snoop_fanout::total          1021234                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus11.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus12.snoop_filter.tot_requests       597070                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus12.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       312129                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus12.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           42                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus12.snoop_filter.tot_snoops        87816                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus12.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        87816                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus12.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus12.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::ReadReq            62920                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::ReadResp          311880                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::WriteReq             131                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::WriteResp            131                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        82540                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::WritebackClean       138699                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::CleanEvict         59471                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          5414                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         4728                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        10142                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::ReadExReq          21813                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::ReadExResp         21813                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       139211                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       109749                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        14169                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        14169                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.pkt_count_system.cpu12.icache.mem_side::system.l212.cpu_side       417121                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus12.pkt_count_system.cpu12.dcache.mem_side::system.l212.cpu_side       454587                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus12.pkt_count_system.cpu12.itb.walker.dma::system.l212.cpu_side        75746                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus12.pkt_count_system.cpu12.dtb.walker.dma::system.l212.cpu_side        49526                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus12.pkt_count::total              996980                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus12.pkt_size_system.cpu12.icache.mem_side::system.l212.cpu_side     17786240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus12.pkt_size_system.cpu12.dcache.mem_side::system.l212.cpu_side     13704188                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus12.pkt_size_system.cpu12.itb.walker.dma::system.l212.cpu_side       302984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus12.pkt_size_system.cpu12.dtb.walker.dma::system.l212.cpu_side       198104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus12.pkt_size::total             31991516                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus12.snoops                        585149                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus12.snoopTraffic                 1029568                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus12.snoop_fanout::samples         936706                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus12.snoop_fanout::mean          0.116508                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus12.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.320834                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus12.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus12.snoop_fanout::0               827572     88.35%     88.35% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus12.snoop_fanout::1               109134     11.65%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus12.snoop_fanout::2                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus12.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus12.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus12.snoop_fanout::max_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus12.snoop_fanout::total           936706                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus12.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus13.snoop_filter.tot_requests      4043692                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus13.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      2025960                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus13.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus13.snoop_filter.tot_snoops       136549                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus13.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       136549                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus13.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus13.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::ReadReq           708708                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::ReadResp         2611158                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::WriteReq            1353                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::WriteResp           1353                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       227999                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::WritebackClean      1469473                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::CleanEvict        300201                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         14292                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        13557                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        27849                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::ReadExReq          86869                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::ReadExResp         86869                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq      1469985                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       432465                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        28452                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        28452                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.pkt_count_system.cpu13.icache.mem_side::system.l213.cpu_side      4409443                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus13.pkt_count_system.cpu13.dcache.mem_side::system.l213.cpu_side      1687752                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus13.pkt_count_system.cpu13.itb.walker.dma::system.l213.cpu_side       927704                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus13.pkt_count_system.cpu13.dtb.walker.dma::system.l213.cpu_side       484136                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus13.pkt_count::total             7509035                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus13.pkt_size_system.cpu13.icache.mem_side::system.l213.cpu_side    188125312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus13.pkt_size_system.cpu13.dcache.mem_side::system.l213.cpu_side     47845876                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus13.pkt_size_system.cpu13.itb.walker.dma::system.l213.cpu_side      3710816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus13.pkt_size_system.cpu13.dtb.walker.dma::system.l213.cpu_side      1936544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus13.pkt_size::total            241618548                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus13.snoops                        637852                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus13.snoopTraffic                  507264                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus13.snoop_fanout::samples        3360111                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus13.snoop_fanout::mean          0.040757                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus13.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.197727                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus13.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus13.snoop_fanout::0              3223163     95.92%     95.92% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus13.snoop_fanout::1               136948      4.08%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus13.snoop_fanout::2                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus13.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus13.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus13.snoop_fanout::max_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus13.snoop_fanout::total          3360111                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus13.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus14.snoop_filter.tot_requests     36723382                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus14.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     18366968                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus14.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus14.snoop_filter.tot_snoops       329629                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus14.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       329629                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus14.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus14.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::ReadReq          5082025                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::ReadResp        22544423                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::WriteReq            3556                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::WriteResp           3556                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      2076725                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::WritebackClean     14359614                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::CleanEvict       1863026                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         38026                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        28338                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        66364                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::ReadExReq         685273                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::ReadExResp        685273                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq     14360126                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      3102272                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::InvalidateReq       209982                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::InvalidateResp       209982                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.pkt_count_system.cpu14.icache.mem_side::system.l214.cpu_side     43079866                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus14.pkt_count_system.cpu14.dcache.mem_side::system.l214.cpu_side     12080343                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus14.pkt_count_system.cpu14.itb.walker.dma::system.l214.cpu_side      8732252                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus14.pkt_count_system.cpu14.dtb.walker.dma::system.l214.cpu_side      1426100                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus14.pkt_count::total            65318561                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus14.pkt_size_system.cpu14.icache.mem_side::system.l214.cpu_side   1838063360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus14.pkt_size_system.cpu14.dcache.mem_side::system.l214.cpu_side    375338900                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus14.pkt_size_system.cpu14.itb.walker.dma::system.l214.cpu_side     34929008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus14.pkt_size_system.cpu14.dtb.walker.dma::system.l214.cpu_side      5704400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus14.pkt_size::total           2254035668                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus14.snoops                       1256868                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus14.snoopTraffic                 9651392                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus14.snoop_fanout::samples       24662924                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus14.snoop_fanout::mean          0.013365                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus14.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.114834                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus14.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus14.snoop_fanout::0             24333295     98.66%     98.66% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus14.snoop_fanout::1               329629      1.34%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus14.snoop_fanout::2                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus14.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus14.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus14.snoop_fanout::max_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus14.snoop_fanout::total         24662924                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus14.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus15.snoop_filter.tot_requests      1199092                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus15.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       610982                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus15.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           38                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus15.snoop_filter.tot_snoops       105287                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus15.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       105287                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus15.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus15.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13008804355239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::ReadReq           154363                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::ReadResp          685248                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::WriteReq             353                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::WriteResp            353                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       127328                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::WritebackClean       328769                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::CleanEvict        123500                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          6385                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         7923                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        14308                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::ReadExReq          38337                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::ReadExResp         38337                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       329281                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       201604                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::CleanSharedReq         1664                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::CleanSharedResp         1664                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        17241                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        17241                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.pkt_count_system.cpu15.icache.mem_side::system.l215.cpu_side       987331                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus15.pkt_count_system.cpu15.dcache.mem_side::system.l215.cpu_side       799164                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus15.pkt_count_system.cpu15.itb.walker.dma::system.l215.cpu_side       189562                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus15.pkt_count_system.cpu15.dtb.walker.dma::system.l215.cpu_side       117842                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus15.pkt_count::total             2093899                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus15.pkt_size_system.cpu15.icache.mem_side::system.l215.cpu_side     42115200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus15.pkt_size_system.cpu15.dcache.mem_side::system.l215.cpu_side     23509017                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus15.pkt_size_system.cpu15.itb.walker.dma::system.l215.cpu_side       758248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus15.pkt_size_system.cpu15.dtb.walker.dma::system.l215.cpu_side       471368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus15.pkt_size::total             66853833                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus15.snoops                        779534                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus15.snoopTraffic                 1461504                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus15.snoop_fanout::samples        1524105                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus15.snoop_fanout::mean          0.080300                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus15.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.271757                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus15.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus15.snoop_fanout::0              1401720     91.97%     91.97% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus15.snoop_fanout::1               122385      8.03%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus15.snoop_fanout::2                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus15.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus15.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus15.snoop_fanout::max_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus15.snoop_fanout::total          1524105                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus15.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
