
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                               2843.467984                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2843467984138500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               9590591038919500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                2601876                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  2904317                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                           530928836177                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4905180                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  5355.65                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 13934732644                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   15554501342                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           625                       # Clock period in ticks
system.bootmem.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu00.dtb.walker      1107072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu00.itb.walker        68928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu00.inst       2901888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu00.data      55834304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu01.dtb.walker         1856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu01.itb.walker         3136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu01.inst         94592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu01.data         66112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu02.dtb.walker        18688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu02.itb.walker        11200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu02.inst       1517440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu02.data       2471232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu03.dtb.walker       707968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu03.itb.walker       117568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu03.inst       3265472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu03.data      64662592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu04.dtb.walker        84992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu04.itb.walker        32192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu04.inst       3188416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu04.data       3223616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu05.dtb.walker         5952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu05.itb.walker         3648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu05.inst        461120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu05.data        780736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu06.dtb.walker         1856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu06.itb.walker         2752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu06.inst        136320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu06.data        239552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu07.dtb.walker         2240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu07.itb.walker          832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu07.inst        223488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu07.data        598784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu08.dtb.walker         4032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu08.itb.walker         5312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu08.inst        423104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu08.data        616128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu09.dtb.walker         1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu09.itb.walker          704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu09.inst        137600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu09.data        391232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu11.dtb.walker         2048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu11.itb.walker          448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu11.inst        206592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu11.data        345152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu12.dtb.walker         2432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu12.itb.walker         1216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu12.inst        268160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu12.data        350336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu13.dtb.walker        36416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu13.itb.walker        47936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu13.inst       1161920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu13.data       1170560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu14.dtb.walker       732992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu14.itb.walker       570688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu14.inst      10259968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu14.data       8664192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu15.dtb.walker        66048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu15.itb.walker        80832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu15.inst       1471744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu15.data       1408896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          170264512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu00.inst      2901888                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu01.inst        94592                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu02.inst      1517440                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu03.inst      3265472                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu04.inst      3188416                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu05.inst       461120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu06.inst       136320                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu07.inst       223488                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu08.inst       423104                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu09.inst       137600                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu11.inst       206592                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu12.inst       268160                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu13.inst      1161920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu14.inst     10259968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu15.inst      1471744                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total      25717824                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     60996224                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        60996224                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu00.dtb.walker        17298                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu00.itb.walker         1077                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu00.inst          45342                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu00.data         872411                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu01.dtb.walker           29                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu01.itb.walker           49                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu01.inst           1478                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu01.data           1033                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu02.dtb.walker          292                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu02.itb.walker          175                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu02.inst          23710                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu02.data          38613                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu03.dtb.walker        11062                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu03.itb.walker         1837                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu03.inst          51023                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu03.data        1010353                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu04.dtb.walker         1328                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu04.itb.walker          503                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu04.inst          49819                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu04.data          50369                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu05.dtb.walker           93                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu05.itb.walker           57                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu05.inst           7205                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu05.data          12199                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu06.dtb.walker           29                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu06.itb.walker           43                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu06.inst           2130                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu06.data           3743                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu07.dtb.walker           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu07.itb.walker           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu07.inst           3492                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu07.data           9356                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu08.dtb.walker           63                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu08.itb.walker           83                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu08.inst           6611                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu08.data           9627                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu09.dtb.walker           20                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu09.itb.walker           11                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu09.inst           2150                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu09.data           6113                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu11.dtb.walker           32                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu11.itb.walker            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu11.inst           3228                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu11.data           5393                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu12.dtb.walker           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu12.itb.walker           19                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu12.inst           4190                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu12.data           5474                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu13.dtb.walker          569                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu13.itb.walker          749                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu13.inst          18155                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu13.data          18290                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu14.dtb.walker        11453                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu14.itb.walker         8917                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu14.inst         160312                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu14.data         135378                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu15.dtb.walker         1032                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu15.itb.walker         1263                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu15.inst          22996                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu15.data          22014                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             2660383                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        953066                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             953066                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu00.dtb.walker          389                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu00.itb.walker           24                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu00.inst             1021                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu00.data            19636                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu01.dtb.walker            1                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu01.itb.walker            1                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu01.inst               33                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu01.data               23                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu02.dtb.walker            7                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu02.itb.walker            4                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu02.inst              534                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu02.data              869                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu03.dtb.walker          249                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu03.itb.walker           41                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu03.inst             1148                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu03.data            22741                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu04.dtb.walker           30                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu04.itb.walker           11                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu04.inst             1121                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu04.data             1134                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu05.dtb.walker            2                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu05.itb.walker            1                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu05.inst              162                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu05.data              275                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu06.dtb.walker            1                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu06.itb.walker            1                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu06.inst               48                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu06.data               84                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu07.dtb.walker            1                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu07.inst               79                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu07.data              211                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu08.dtb.walker            1                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu08.itb.walker            2                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu08.inst              149                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu08.data              217                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu09.inst               48                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu09.data              138                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu11.dtb.walker            1                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu11.inst               73                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu11.data              121                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu12.dtb.walker            1                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu12.inst               94                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu12.data              123                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu13.dtb.walker           13                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu13.itb.walker           17                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu13.inst              409                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu13.data              412                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu14.dtb.walker          258                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu14.itb.walker          201                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu14.inst             3608                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu14.data             3047                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu15.dtb.walker           23                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu15.itb.walker           28                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu15.inst              518                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu15.data              495                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total                 59879                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu00.inst         1021                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu01.inst           33                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu02.inst          534                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu03.inst         1148                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu04.inst         1121                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu05.inst          162                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu06.inst           48                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu07.inst           79                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu08.inst          149                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu09.inst           48                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu11.inst           73                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu12.inst           94                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu13.inst          409                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu14.inst         3608                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu15.inst          518                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total             9045                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks           21451                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total                21451                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks           21451                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu00.dtb.walker          389                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu00.itb.walker           24                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu00.inst            1021                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu00.data           19636                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu01.dtb.walker            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu01.itb.walker            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu01.inst              33                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu01.data              23                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu02.dtb.walker            7                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu02.itb.walker            4                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu02.inst             534                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu02.data             869                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu03.dtb.walker          249                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu03.itb.walker           41                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu03.inst            1148                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu03.data           22741                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu04.dtb.walker           30                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu04.itb.walker           11                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu04.inst            1121                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu04.data            1134                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu05.dtb.walker            2                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu05.itb.walker            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu05.inst             162                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu05.data             275                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu06.dtb.walker            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu06.itb.walker            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu06.inst              48                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu06.data              84                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu07.dtb.walker            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu07.inst              79                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu07.data             211                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu08.dtb.walker            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu08.itb.walker            2                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu08.inst             149                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu08.data             217                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu09.inst              48                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu09.data             138                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu11.dtb.walker            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu11.inst              73                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu11.data             121                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu12.dtb.walker            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu12.inst              94                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu12.data             123                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu13.dtb.walker           13                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu13.itb.walker           17                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu13.inst             409                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu13.data             412                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu14.dtb.walker          258                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu14.itb.walker          201                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu14.inst            3608                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu14.data            3047                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu15.dtb.walker           23                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu15.itb.walker           28                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu15.inst             518                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu15.data             495                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total                81331                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                           0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                          0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                       0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                       0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                    0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::16                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::17                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::18                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::19                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::20                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::21                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::22                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::23                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::24                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::25                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::26                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::27                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::28                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::29                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::30                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::31                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::16                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::17                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::18                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::19                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::20                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::21                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::22                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::23                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::24                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::25                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::26                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::27                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::28                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::29                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::30                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::31                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                             0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::64                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::65                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::66                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::67                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::68                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::69                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::70                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::71                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::72                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::73                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::74                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::75                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::76                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::77                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::78                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::79                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::80                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::81                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::82                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::83                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::84                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::85                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::86                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::87                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::88                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::89                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::90                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::91                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::92                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::93                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::94                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::95                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::96                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::97                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::98                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::99                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::100                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::101                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::102                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::103                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::104                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::105                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::106                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::107                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::108                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::109                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::110                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::111                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::112                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::113                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::114                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::115                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::116                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::117                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::118                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::119                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::120                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::121                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::122                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::123                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::124                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::125                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::126                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::127                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                            0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat                       0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                          nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                        nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                     nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                         0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      19207.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                       0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                           nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                      nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         464053975011416.062500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           464053975011416.062500                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            163.200000                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime                    0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 9590591038919500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         464053975011416.062500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           464053975011416.062500                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            163.200000                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime                    0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 9590591038919500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.preBackEnergy         464053975011416.062500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.actPowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.prePowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.totalEnergy           464053975011416.062500                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.averagePower            163.200000                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_2.totalIdleTime                    0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::IDLE 9590591038919500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.preBackEnergy         464053975011416.062500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.actPowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.prePowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.totalEnergy           464053975011416.062500                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.averagePower            163.200000                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_3.totalIdleTime                    0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::IDLE 9590591038919500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cf0.dma_read_full_pages                     14                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_bytes                       57344                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_txs                            14                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_write_full_pages                   113                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_bytes                     462848                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_txs                          113                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walks                  846832                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walksLong              846832                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples       846832                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0        846832    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total       846832                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples     15751648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walksPending::0      15751648    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walksPending::total     15751648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K       845417     99.83%     99.83% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           81      0.01%     99.84% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G         1321      0.16%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total       846819                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data       846832                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total       846832                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data       846819                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total       846819                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total      1693651                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                  493605022                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                   830470                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                 558744656                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                   16362                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              2259                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    23                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                    587                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                 2812                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                     223                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses              494435492                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses             558761018                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                      1052349678                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                        846832                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                  1053196510                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walks                   76986                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walksLong               76986                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        76986                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         76986    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        76986                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walksPending::samples     15775648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walksPending::0      15775648    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walksPending::total     15775648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        76789     99.75%     99.75% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          192      0.25%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        76981                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        76986                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        76986                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        76981                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        76981                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total       153967                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                 9828835615                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                    76986                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              2259                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    23                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                    384                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses             9828912601                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                      9828835615                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                         76986                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                  9828912601                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numPwrStateTransitions             10151                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         5076                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   559111313415.714722                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  5555169929411.636719                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows         1776     34.99%     34.99% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         3224     63.51%     98.50% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::1e+11-1.5e+11            1      0.02%     98.52% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::5e+11-5.5e+11            2      0.04%     98.56% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::8.5e+11-9e+11            1      0.02%     98.58% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::9.5e+11-1e+12            1      0.02%     98.60% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows           71      1.40%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          501                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 79871116329824                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::total          5076                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  5418957240332                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 2838049026898168                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.numCycles                   19167063098481                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu00.kern.inst.quiesce                   5076                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                9828911502                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                 10837916558                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.committedUserInsts            9796413198                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses          9868107621                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_vec_alu_accesses               18555                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                 460132259                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts   1043690756                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                 9868107621                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_vec_insts                      18555                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads       14792500654                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes       7530062388                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_vec_register_reads             21983                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu00.num_vec_register_writes             7556                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu00.num_cc_register_reads        32398217877                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu00.num_cc_register_writes        7505917878                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                  1131025241                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                 572071911                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                558953330                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles             19130535345841.925781                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles             36527752639.076012                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction               0.001906                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                   0.998094                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.Branches                      1459984923                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu00.op_class::No_OpClass                 354      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IntAlu              9586360481     88.45%     88.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IntMult              119523010      1.10%     89.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IntDiv                   31408      0.00%     89.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     89.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     89.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     89.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     89.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     89.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     89.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     89.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     89.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAdd                   1219      0.00%     89.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     89.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAlu                   2503      0.00%     89.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdCmp                   1416      0.00%     89.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     89.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdMisc                  1195      0.00%     89.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     89.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     89.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     89.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     89.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     89.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     89.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     89.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     89.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     89.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     89.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatMisc           970825      0.01%     89.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     89.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     89.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     89.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead              572071911      5.28%     94.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite             558953330      5.16%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::total              10837917652                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         480.141700                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.total_refs        1053178311                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         6348409                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.avg_refs          165.896418                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   480.141700                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.937777                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.937777                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          490                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          490                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.957031                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.tag_accesses      2112706823                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.data_accesses     2112706823                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu00.data    488104717                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total     488104717                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu00.data    558038514                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total    558038514                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu00.data        79227                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        79227                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu00.data         1196                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         1196                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu00.data       294724                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       294724                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu00.data       291090                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       291090                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::cpu00.data   1046144427                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total     1046144427                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::cpu00.data   1046223654                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total    1046223654                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu00.data      5933318                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      5933318                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu00.data       411665                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       411665                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu00.data         9235                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         9235                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu00.data         6468                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total         6468                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu00.data         3935                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         3935                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu00.data         4222                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         4222                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::cpu00.data      6351451                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total      6351451                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::cpu00.data      6360686                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total      6360686                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu00.data    494038035                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    494038035                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu00.data    558450179                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    558450179                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu00.data        88462                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        88462                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu00.data         7664                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total         7664                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu00.data       298659                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       298659                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu00.data       295312                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       295312                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu00.data   1052495878                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total   1052495878                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu00.data   1052584340                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total   1052584340                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.012010                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.012010                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.000737                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000737                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.104395                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.104395                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.843946                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.843946                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.013176                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.013176                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.014297                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.014297                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.006035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.006043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       693011                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total          693011                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements              6316584                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.icache.tags.tagsinuse         511.999986                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.tags.total_refs        9828912596                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.tags.sampled_refs         3470049                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.tags.avg_refs         2832.499655                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst   511.999986                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu00.icache.tags.tag_accesses     19661295241                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu00.icache.tags.data_accesses    19661295241                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu00.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu00.inst   9825442547                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total    9825442547                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::cpu00.inst   9825442547                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total     9825442547                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::cpu00.inst   9825442547                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total    9825442547                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu00.inst      3470049                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      3470049                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::cpu00.inst      3470049                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total      3470049                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::cpu00.inst      3470049                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total      3470049                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu00.inst   9828912596                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   9828912596                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::cpu00.inst   9828912596                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total   9828912596                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::cpu00.inst   9828912596                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total   9828912596                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.000353                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000353                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.000353                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000353                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.000353                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000353                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.writebacks::writebacks      3469537                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.icache.writebacks::total         3469537                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.icache.replacements              3469537                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walks                      47                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walksLong                  47                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples           47                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0            47    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total           47                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples     15753148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walksPending::0      15753148    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walksPending::total     15753148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K           47    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total           47                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data           47                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total           47                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data           47                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total           47                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total           94                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                     113459                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                       43                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                     94056                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       4                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              2259                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    23                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      1                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    5                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                 113502                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                 94060                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                          207515                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                            47                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                      207562                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walks                     456                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walksLong                 456                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples          456                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0           456    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total          456                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walksPending::samples     15777148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walksPending::0      15777148    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walksPending::total     15777148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K          453     99.34%     99.34% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M            3      0.66%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total          456                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst          456                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total          456                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst          456                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total          456                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total          912                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                     527597                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                      456                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              2259                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    23                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      1                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                 528053                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                          527597                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                           456                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                      528053                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numPwrStateTransitions               109                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples           55                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   51699412018117.421875                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  41731328878178.351562                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows            6     10.91%     10.91% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           15     27.27%     38.18% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows           34     61.82%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          501                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 85332409838192                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::total            55                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON     323142042                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 2843467660996458                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.numCycles                   5632041598584                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu01.kern.inst.quiesce                     55                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                    528052                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                      646306                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.committedUserInsts                   297                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses              613368                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                     49336                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts        52799                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                     613368                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads            878023                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes           503047                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu01.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu01.num_cc_register_reads              97860                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu01.num_cc_register_writes             95874                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                      207293                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                    113235                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                    94058                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles             5632040958538.311523                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles             640045.688204                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction               0.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                   1.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.Branches                          106218                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu01.op_class::No_OpClass                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IntAlu                  437834     67.74%     67.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IntMult                   1028      0.16%     67.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IntDiv                     152      0.02%     67.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     67.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     67.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     67.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     67.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     67.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     67.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     67.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     67.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     67.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     67.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     67.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     67.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     67.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     67.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     67.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     67.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     67.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     67.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     67.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     67.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     67.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     67.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     67.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     67.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     67.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     67.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     67.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     67.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead                 113235     17.52%     85.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite                 94058     14.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::total                   646307                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         350.334074                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.total_refs            207418                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            3244                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.avg_refs           63.938964                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054782000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.data   350.334074                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.684246                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.684246                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          343                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          343                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.669922                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          418080                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.data_accesses         418080                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu01.data       106969                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        106969                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu01.data        91012                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        91012                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu01.data         1680                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total         1680                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu01.data         1962                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1962                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu01.data         1841                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1841                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::cpu01.data       197981                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total         197981                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::cpu01.data       199661                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total        199661                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu01.data         2560                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2560                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu01.data         1033                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1033                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu01.data          219                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total          219                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu01.data           16                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           16                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu01.data          126                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          126                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::cpu01.data         3593                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total         3593                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::cpu01.data         3812                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total         3812                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu01.data       109529                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       109529                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu01.data        92045                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        92045                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu01.data         1899                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total         1899                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu01.data         1978                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1978                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu01.data         1967                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1967                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu01.data       201574                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total       201574                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu01.data       203473                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total       203473                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.023373                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.023373                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.011223                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.011223                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.115324                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.115324                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.008089                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.008089                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.064057                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.064057                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.017825                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017825                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.018735                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.018735                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          952                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total             952                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                 1873                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.icache.tags.tagsinuse         510.999953                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.tags.total_refs            528053                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.tags.sampled_refs            6548                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.tags.avg_refs           80.643403                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054781500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst   510.999953                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          511                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          511                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu01.icache.tags.tag_accesses         1062654                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu01.icache.tags.data_accesses        1062654                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu01.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu01.inst       521505                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        521505                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::cpu01.inst       521505                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total         521505                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::cpu01.inst       521505                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total        521505                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu01.inst         6548                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         6548                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::cpu01.inst         6548                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total         6548                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::cpu01.inst         6548                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total         6548                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu01.inst       528053                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       528053                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::cpu01.inst       528053                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total       528053                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::cpu01.inst       528053                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total       528053                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu01.inst     0.012400                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.012400                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu01.inst     0.012400                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012400                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu01.inst     0.012400                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012400                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.writebacks::writebacks         6037                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.icache.writebacks::total            6037                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                 6037                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walks                    5789                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walksLong                5789                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples         5789                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0          5789    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total         5789                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples   2032437368                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walksPending::0    2032437368    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walksPending::total   2032437368                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K         5242     98.11%     98.11% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           84      1.57%     99.68% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G           17      0.32%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total         5343                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data         5789                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total         5789                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data         5343                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total         5343                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        11132                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                    2584988                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                     5212                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                   1895991                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                     577                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              2259                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    23                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                    228                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                  151                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                     103                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                2590200                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses               1896568                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                         4480979                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                          5789                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                     4486768                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walks                   19431                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walksLong               19431                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        19431                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         19431    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        19431                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walksPending::samples   2032743368                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walksPending::0    2032743368    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walksPending::total   2032743368                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        19141     99.41%     99.41% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          114      0.59%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        19255                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        19431                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        19431                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        19255                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        19255                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        38686                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                   11771614                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                    19431                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              2259                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    23                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                    106                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses               11791045                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                        11771614                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                         19431                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                    11791045                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numPwrStateTransitions               663                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          332                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   7653507561054.939453                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  24572074283258.289062                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          181     54.52%     54.52% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10          119     35.84%     90.36% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows           32      9.64%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 121543330065500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           332                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  302503473868260                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 2540964510270240                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.numCycles                   19053077750056                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu02.kern.inst.quiesce                    332                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                  11789361                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                    13916798                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.committedUserInsts               3417888                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses            12811482                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                   16                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_vec_alu_accesses               52771                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                    697543                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts      1817576                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                   12811482                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                          16                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_vec_insts                      52771                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads          17838851                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes         10213456                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                 16                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_vec_register_reads             70768                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu02.num_vec_register_writes            39271                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu02.num_cc_register_reads            3389997                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu02.num_cc_register_writes           3272584                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                     4476667                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                   2580969                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                  1895698                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles             19053031118992.566406                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles             46631063.434376                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction               0.000002                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                   0.999998                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.Branches                         2640760                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu02.op_class::No_OpClass                1881      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IntAlu                 9381270     67.40%     67.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IntMult                  20405      0.15%     67.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IntDiv                    5159      0.04%     67.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatAdd                     5      0.00%     67.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     67.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatCvt                     5      0.00%     67.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMult                    1      0.00%     67.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     67.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatDiv                     2      0.00%     67.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMisc                    4      0.00%     67.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     67.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAdd                   6357      0.05%     67.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     67.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAlu                  12864      0.09%     67.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdCmp                   7524      0.05%     67.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     67.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdMisc                  6162      0.04%     67.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     67.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     67.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     67.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     67.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     67.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     67.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     67.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     67.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     67.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     67.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     67.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     67.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     67.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     67.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                2580969     18.54%     86.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite               1895682     13.62%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMemWrite               16      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::total                 13918306                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         427.481467                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.total_refs           4478048                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          141566                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.avg_refs           31.632228                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    7049619569467000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.data   427.481467                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.834925                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.834925                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          480                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          480                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.937500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         9105612                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.data_accesses        9105612                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu02.data      2366034                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2366034                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu02.data      1788696                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1788696                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu02.data        50637                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        50637                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu02.data         1855                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         1855                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu02.data        63300                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        63300                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu02.data        62368                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        62368                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::cpu02.data      4156585                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total        4156585                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::cpu02.data      4207222                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total       4207222                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu02.data       104021                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       104021                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu02.data        24038                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        24038                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu02.data         3103                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         3103                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu02.data        11742                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        11742                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu02.data          704                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          704                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu02.data         1493                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         1493                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::cpu02.data       139801                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total       139801                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::cpu02.data       142904                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total       142904                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu02.data      2470055                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2470055                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu02.data      1812734                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1812734                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu02.data        53740                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        53740                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu02.data        13597                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        13597                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu02.data        64004                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        64004                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu02.data        63861                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        63861                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu02.data      4296386                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4296386                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu02.data      4350126                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4350126                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.042113                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.042113                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.013261                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.013261                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.057741                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.057741                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.863573                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.863573                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.010999                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.010999                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.023379                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.023379                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.032539                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.032539                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.032851                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.032851                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        84160                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total           84160                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements               137714                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.icache.tags.tagsinuse         457.531919                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.tags.total_refs          11790869                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.tags.sampled_refs          198829                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.tags.avg_refs           59.301556                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    7049619569462000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   457.531919                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.893617                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.893617                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu02.icache.tags.tag_accesses        23780567                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu02.icache.tags.data_accesses       23780567                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu02.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu02.inst     11592040                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11592040                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::cpu02.inst     11592040                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total       11592040                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::cpu02.inst     11592040                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total      11592040                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu02.inst       198829                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       198829                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::cpu02.inst       198829                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total       198829                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::cpu02.inst       198829                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total       198829                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu02.inst     11790869                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11790869                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::cpu02.inst     11790869                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total     11790869                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::cpu02.inst     11790869                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total     11790869                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu02.inst     0.016863                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016863                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu02.inst     0.016863                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016863                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu02.inst     0.016863                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016863                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.writebacks::writebacks       198317                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.icache.writebacks::total          198317                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.icache.replacements               198317                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walks                  218595                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walksLong              218595                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples       218595                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0        218595    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total       218595                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples    -53715928                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walksPending::0     -53715928    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walksPending::total    -53715928                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K       206186     98.34%     98.34% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M         2703      1.29%     99.63% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G          779      0.37%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total       209668                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data       218595                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total       218595                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data       209668                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total       209668                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total       428263                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                  385324267                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                   196382                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                 339703040                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                   22213                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              2259                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    23                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                    816                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                 1913                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                     246                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses              385520649                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses             339725253                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                       725027307                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                        218595                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                   725245902                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walks                  187392                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walksLong              187392                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples       187392                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0        187392    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total       187392                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walksPending::samples   -102415928                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walksPending::0    -102415928    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walksPending::total   -102415928                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K       185685     99.17%     99.17% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M         1546      0.83%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total       187231                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst       187392                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total       187392                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst       187231                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total       187231                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total       374623                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                 3803155947                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                   187392                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              2259                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    23                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                    642                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses             3803343339                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                      3803155947                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                        187392                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                  3803343339                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numPwrStateTransitions               503                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          252                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   11274958675274.892578                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  101791364477290.843750                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          109     43.25%     43.25% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10          114     45.24%     88.49% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::4.5e+11-5e+11            1      0.40%     88.89% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::5e+11-5.5e+11            1      0.40%     89.29% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::9.5e+11-1e+12            1      0.40%     89.68% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows           26     10.32%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          501                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 1570802575732000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           252                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  2178397969227                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 2841289586169273                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.numCycles                   16039576926627                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu03.kern.inst.quiesce                    252                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                3803331726                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                  4356784413                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.committedUserInsts            3759252280                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses          3885572628                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                   16                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_vec_alu_accesses              155873                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                 254508221                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts    488401143                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                 3885572628                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                          16                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_vec_insts                     155873                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads        5777160511                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes       2645543364                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                 16                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_vec_register_reads            180217                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu03.num_vec_register_writes            55642                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu03.num_cc_register_reads        12895897874                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu03.num_cc_register_writes        2551045854                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                   761223209                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                 416182895                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                345040314                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles             16027288910078.638672                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles             12288016548.361050                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction               0.000766                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                   0.999234                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.Branches                       756341197                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu03.op_class::No_OpClass                2760      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IntAlu              3576696268     82.09%     82.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IntMult               17963874      0.41%     82.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IntDiv                   30742      0.00%     82.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     82.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     82.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     82.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     82.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     82.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     82.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     82.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     82.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAdd                   8524      0.00%     82.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     82.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAlu                  17639      0.00%     82.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdCmp                  11040      0.00%     82.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     82.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdMisc                  9523      0.00%     82.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     82.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     82.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     82.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     82.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     82.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     82.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     82.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     82.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     82.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     82.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatMisc           832286      0.02%     82.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     82.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     82.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     82.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead              416182895      9.55%     92.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite             345040298      7.92%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMemWrite               16      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::total               4356795865                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         270.662851                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.total_refs         725221978                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         5098197                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.avg_refs          142.250678                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   270.662851                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.528638                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.528638                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          280                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          280                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.546875                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.tag_accesses      1455555081                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.data_accesses     1455555081                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu03.data    380438248                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total     380438248                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu03.data    337380604                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total    337380604                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu03.data       131206                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total       131206                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu03.data         3262                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         3262                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu03.data      1070883                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total      1070883                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu03.data      1067969                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total      1067969                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::cpu03.data    717822114                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total      717822114                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::cpu03.data    717953320                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total     717953320                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu03.data      3852887                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      3852887                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu03.data       666903                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       666903                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu03.data        17374                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        17374                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu03.data       578698                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total       578698                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu03.data         5553                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         5553                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu03.data         8391                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         8391                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::cpu03.data      5098488                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total      5098488                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::cpu03.data      5115862                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total      5115862                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu03.data    384291135                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    384291135                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu03.data    338047507                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    338047507                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu03.data       148580                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total       148580                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu03.data       581960                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total       581960                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu03.data      1076436                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total      1076436                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu03.data      1076360                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total      1076360                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu03.data    722920602                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total    722920602                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu03.data    723069182                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total    723069182                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.010026                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010026                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.001973                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001973                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.116934                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.116934                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.994395                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.994395                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.005159                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.005159                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.007796                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.007796                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.007053                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.007053                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.007075                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.007075                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      2021701                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total         2021701                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements              5079364                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.icache.tags.tagsinuse         477.957201                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.tags.total_refs        3803343178                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.tags.sampled_refs         3325632                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.tags.avg_refs         1143.645231                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst   477.957201                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.933510                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.933510                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu03.icache.tags.tag_accesses      7610011988                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu03.icache.tags.data_accesses     7610011988                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu03.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu03.inst   3800017546                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total    3800017546                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::cpu03.inst   3800017546                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total     3800017546                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::cpu03.inst   3800017546                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total    3800017546                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu03.inst      3325632                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      3325632                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::cpu03.inst      3325632                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total      3325632                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::cpu03.inst      3325632                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total      3325632                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu03.inst   3803343178                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   3803343178                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::cpu03.inst   3803343178                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total   3803343178                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::cpu03.inst   3803343178                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total   3803343178                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu03.inst     0.000874                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000874                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu03.inst     0.000874                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000874                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu03.inst     0.000874                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000874                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.writebacks::writebacks      3325120                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.icache.writebacks::total         3325120                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.icache.replacements              3325120                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walks                  107723                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walksLong              107723                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples       107723                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0        107723    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total       107723                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples     15751648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walksPending::0      15751648    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walksPending::total     15751648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K       105738     98.34%     98.34% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M         1686      1.57%     99.90% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G          103      0.10%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total       107527                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data       107723                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total       107723                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data       107527                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total       107527                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total       215250                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                   11745212                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                   103002                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                  10369885                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                    4721                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              2259                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    23                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                    168                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                 3524                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                      92                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses               11848214                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses              10374606                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                        22115097                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                        107723                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                    22222820                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walks                  193931                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walksLong              193931                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples       193931                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0        193931    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total       193931                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walksPending::samples     15759148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walksPending::0      15759148    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walksPending::total     15759148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K       192141     99.12%     99.12% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M         1710      0.88%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total       193851                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst       193931                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total       193931                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst       193851                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total       193851                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total       387782                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                   80206490                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                   193931                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              2259                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    23                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                     64                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses               80400421                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                        80206490                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                        193931                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                    80400421                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numPwrStateTransitions              3647                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         1824                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   1558893177599.723633                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  7475753565175.338867                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          184     10.09%     10.09% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         1525     83.61%     93.70% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::1e+11-1.5e+11            1      0.05%     93.75% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::4e+11-4.5e+11            1      0.05%     93.80% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::4.5e+11-5e+11            2      0.11%     93.91% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows          111      6.09%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 85332409769192                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::total          1824                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   46828196604                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 2843421155941896                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.numCycles                   19181182021659                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu04.kern.inst.quiesce                   1824                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                  80393399                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                    93650644                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.committedUserInsts              44199875                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses            85944250                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_vec_alu_accesses             1065429                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                   5212226                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts     10149054                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                   85944250                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_vec_insts                    1065429                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads         124563745                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes         67038368                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_vec_register_reads           1549435                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu04.num_vec_register_writes           944414                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu04.num_cc_register_reads          112339089                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu04.num_cc_register_writes          34232155                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                    22454180                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                  12083587                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                 10370593                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles             19180866132759.949219                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles             315888899.050740                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction               0.000016                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                   0.999984                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.Branches                        15786043                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu04.op_class::No_OpClass               45937      0.05%      0.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IntAlu                69799995     74.53%     74.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IntMult                 498313      0.53%     75.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IntDiv                   33978      0.04%     75.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     75.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     75.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     75.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     75.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     75.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     75.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     75.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     75.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAdd                 154276      0.16%     75.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     75.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAlu                 330247      0.35%     75.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdCmp                 183748      0.20%     75.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     75.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdMisc                155196      0.17%     76.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     76.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     76.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     76.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     76.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     76.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     76.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     76.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     76.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     76.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatMisc             1716      0.00%     76.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     76.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     76.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     76.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead               12083587     12.90%     88.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite              10370593     11.07%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::total                 93657586                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         461.141678                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.total_refs          22214184                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          715515                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.avg_refs           31.046427                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.data   461.141678                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.900667                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.900667                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          500                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          303                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          197                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.976562                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        45148875                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.data_accesses       45148875                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu04.data     10988459                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      10988459                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu04.data     10011709                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     10011709                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu04.data       107650                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total       107650                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu04.data         8253                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         8253                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu04.data       180774                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       180774                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu04.data       167327                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       167327                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::cpu04.data     21008421                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total       21008421                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::cpu04.data     21116071                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total      21116071                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu04.data       539298                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       539298                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu04.data       122275                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       122275                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu04.data        23867                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        23867                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu04.data        42745                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        42745                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu04.data         4329                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         4329                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu04.data        17498                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        17498                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::cpu04.data       704318                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total       704318                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::cpu04.data       728185                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total       728185                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu04.data     11527757                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11527757                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu04.data     10133984                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     10133984                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu04.data       131517                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total       131517                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu04.data        50998                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        50998                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu04.data       185103                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       185103                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu04.data       184825                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       184825                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu04.data     21712739                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total     21712739                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu04.data     21844256                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total     21844256                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.046783                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.046783                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.012066                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.012066                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.181475                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.181475                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.838170                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.838170                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.023387                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.023387                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.094673                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.094673                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.032438                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.032438                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.033335                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.033335                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       291688                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total          291688                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements               691290                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.icache.tags.tagsinuse         511.212199                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.tags.total_refs          80400341                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.tags.sampled_refs         1875152                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.tags.avg_refs           42.876706                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst   511.212199                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.998461                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998461                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          500                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu04.icache.tags.tag_accesses       162675834                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu04.icache.tags.data_accesses      162675834                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu04.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu04.inst     78525189                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      78525189                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::cpu04.inst     78525189                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total       78525189                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::cpu04.inst     78525189                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total      78525189                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu04.inst      1875152                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      1875152                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::cpu04.inst      1875152                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total      1875152                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::cpu04.inst      1875152                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total      1875152                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu04.inst     80400341                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     80400341                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::cpu04.inst     80400341                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total     80400341                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::cpu04.inst     80400341                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total     80400341                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu04.inst     0.023323                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.023323                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu04.inst     0.023323                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.023323                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu04.inst     0.023323                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.023323                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.writebacks::writebacks      1874640                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.icache.writebacks::total         1874640                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.icache.replacements              1874640                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walks                    1338                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walksLong                1338                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples         1338                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0          1338    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total         1338                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples   -203164316                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walksPending::0    -203164316    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walksPending::total   -203164316                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K         1191     98.35%     98.35% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           18      1.49%     99.83% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G            2      0.17%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total         1211                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data         1338                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total         1338                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data         1211                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total         1211                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total         2549                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                     666360                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                     1180                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                    471550                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                     158                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              2259                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    23                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                     50                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                   49                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                      34                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                 667540                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                471708                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                         1137910                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                          1338                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                     1139248                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walks                    3337                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walksLong                3337                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples         3337                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0          3337    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total         3337                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walksPending::samples   -203169316                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walksPending::0    -203169316    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walksPending::total   -203169316                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K         3270     99.54%     99.54% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           15      0.46%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total         3285                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst         3337                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total         3337                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst         3285                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total         3285                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total         6622                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                    2995645                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                     3337                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              2259                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    23                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      1                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                2998982                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                         2995645                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                          3337                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                     2998982                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numPwrStateTransitions               157                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples           79                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   32163983652480.492188                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  279089769771807.187500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows           31     39.24%     39.24% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           45     56.96%     96.20% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows            3      3.80%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          501                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 2481016719823500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::total            79                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  302513275592541                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 2540954708545959                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.numCycles                   14219148638271                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu05.kern.inst.quiesce                     79                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                   2998609                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                     3535538                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.committedUserInsts                444215                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses             3283808                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_vec_alu_accesses                4591                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                    189655                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts       441514                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                    3283808                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_vec_insts                       4591                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads           4569083                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes          2631553                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_vec_register_reads              4754                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu05.num_vec_register_writes             2559                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu05.num_cc_register_reads             765435                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu05.num_cc_register_writes            760452                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                     1136853                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                    665204                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                   471649                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles             14219139797446.216797                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles             8840824.783946                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction               0.000001                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                   0.999999                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.Branches                          656779                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu05.op_class::No_OpClass                  94      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IntAlu                 2391056     67.62%     67.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IntMult                   5522      0.16%     67.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IntDiv                     777      0.02%     67.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     67.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     67.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     67.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     67.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     67.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     67.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     67.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     67.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAdd                    293      0.01%     67.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     67.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAlu                    598      0.02%     67.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdCmp                    376      0.01%     67.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     67.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdMisc                   290      0.01%     67.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     67.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     67.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     67.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     67.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     67.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     67.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     67.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     67.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     67.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     67.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     67.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     67.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     67.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     67.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                 665204     18.81%     86.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite                471649     13.34%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::total                  3535859                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         368.720525                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.total_refs           1138900                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           39705                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.avg_refs           28.684045                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    7049634562438500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu05.data   368.720525                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.720157                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.720157                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          411                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          411                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.802734                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         2317505                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.data_accesses        2317505                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu05.data       603212                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        603212                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu05.data       442824                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       442824                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu05.data        16440                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        16440                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu05.data          387                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total          387                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu05.data        17753                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17753                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu05.data        17290                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17290                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::cpu05.data      1046423                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total        1046423                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::cpu05.data      1062863                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total       1062863                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu05.data        28888                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        28888                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu05.data         6977                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         6977                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu05.data          883                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total          883                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu05.data         3507                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total         3507                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu05.data          160                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          160                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu05.data          579                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          579                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::cpu05.data        39372                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total        39372                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::cpu05.data        40255                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total        40255                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu05.data       632100                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       632100                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu05.data       449801                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       449801                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu05.data        17323                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        17323                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu05.data         3894                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total         3894                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu05.data        17913                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17913                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu05.data        17869                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17869                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu05.data      1085795                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1085795                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu05.data      1103118                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1103118                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.045702                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.045702                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.015511                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.015511                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.050973                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.050973                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.900616                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.900616                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.008932                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.008932                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.032402                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.032402                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.036261                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.036261                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.036492                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.036492                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        22967                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total           22967                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                38456                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.icache.tags.tagsinuse         457.529225                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.tags.total_refs           2998930                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.tags.sampled_refs           43558                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.tags.avg_refs           68.849121                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    7049634562433500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   457.529225                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.893612                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.893612                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu05.icache.tags.tag_accesses         6041418                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu05.icache.tags.data_accesses        6041418                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu05.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu05.inst      2955372                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       2955372                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::cpu05.inst      2955372                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total        2955372                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::cpu05.inst      2955372                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total       2955372                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu05.inst        43558                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        43558                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::cpu05.inst        43558                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total        43558                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::cpu05.inst        43558                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total        43558                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu05.inst      2998930                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2998930                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::cpu05.inst      2998930                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total      2998930                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::cpu05.inst      2998930                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total      2998930                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu05.inst     0.014525                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014525                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu05.inst     0.014525                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014525                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu05.inst     0.014525                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014525                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.writebacks::writebacks        43046                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.icache.writebacks::total           43046                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                43046                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walks                     309                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walksLong                 309                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples          309                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0           309    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total          309                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples  -1269423224                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walksPending::0   -1269423224    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walksPending::total  -1269423224                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K          275     98.92%     98.92% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M            3      1.08%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total          278                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data          309                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total          309                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data          278                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total          278                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total          587                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                     305376                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                      251                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                    254467                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                      58                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              2259                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    23                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                     14                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                   13                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       8                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                 305627                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                254525                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                          559843                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                           309                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                      560152                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walks                    2191                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walksLong                2191                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples         2191                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0          2191    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total         2191                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walksPending::samples  -1319901224                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walksPending::0   -1319901224    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walksPending::total  -1319901224                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K         2173     99.86%     99.86% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M            3      0.14%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total         2176                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst         2191                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total         2191                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst         2176                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total         2176                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total         4367                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                    1541737                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                     2191                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              2259                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    23                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                1543928                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                         1541737                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                          2191                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                     1543928                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numPwrStateTransitions               111                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples           56                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   50776198023814.914062                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  341209085024845.187500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows           23     41.07%     41.07% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           31     55.36%     96.43% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows            2      3.57%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          501                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 2540900095136000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::total            56                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON     894804865                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 2843467089333635                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.numCycles                   14099381887623                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu06.kern.inst.quiesce                     56                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                   1543756                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                     1789445                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.committedUserInsts                611449                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses             1618409                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_vec_alu_accesses                2745                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                     74674                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts       260169                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                    1618409                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_vec_insts                       2745                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads           2270643                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes          1291260                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_vec_register_reads              2806                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu06.num_vec_register_writes             1361                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu06.num_cc_register_reads             494082                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu06.num_cc_register_writes            495249                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                      559141                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                    304678                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                   254463                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles             14099377450768.222656                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles             4436854.778423                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction               0.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                   1.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.Branches                          353273                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu06.op_class::No_OpClass                  60      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IntAlu                 1225859     68.50%     68.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IntMult                   3407      0.19%     68.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IntDiv                     308      0.02%     68.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     68.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     68.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     68.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     68.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     68.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     68.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     68.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     68.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAdd                    139      0.01%     68.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     68.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAlu                    272      0.02%     68.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdCmp                    240      0.01%     68.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     68.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdMisc                   176      0.01%     68.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     68.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     68.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     68.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     68.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     68.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     68.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     68.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     68.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     68.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     68.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     68.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     68.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     68.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     68.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                 304678     17.02%     85.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite                254463     14.22%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::total                  1789602                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         338.620852                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.total_refs            560040                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           14835                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.avg_refs           37.751264                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.data   338.620852                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.661369                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.661369                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          369                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          369                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.720703                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         1134915                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.data_accesses        1134915                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu06.data       282279                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        282279                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu06.data       242320                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       242320                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu06.data         4751                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total         4751                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu06.data          140                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total          140                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu06.data         7736                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7736                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu06.data         7365                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7365                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::cpu06.data       524739                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total         524739                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::cpu06.data       529490                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total        529490                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu06.data        10368                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        10368                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu06.data         2519                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2519                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu06.data          328                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total          328                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu06.data         1704                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total         1704                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu06.data          100                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          100                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu06.data          430                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          430                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::cpu06.data        14591                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total        14591                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::cpu06.data        14919                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total        14919                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu06.data       292647                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       292647                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu06.data       244839                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       244839                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu06.data         5079                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total         5079                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu06.data         1844                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total         1844                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu06.data         7836                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7836                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu06.data         7795                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7795                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu06.data       539330                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total       539330                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu06.data       544409                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total       544409                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.035428                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.035428                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.010288                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.010288                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.064580                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.064580                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.924078                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.924078                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.012762                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.012762                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.055164                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.055164                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.027054                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.027054                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.027404                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.027404                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7711                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total            7711                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                13923                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.icache.tags.tagsinuse         477.956855                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.tags.total_refs           1543913                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.tags.sampled_refs           21862                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.tags.avg_refs           70.620849                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst   477.956855                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.933509                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.933509                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu06.icache.tags.tag_accesses         3109688                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu06.icache.tags.data_accesses        3109688                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu06.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu06.inst      1522051                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1522051                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::cpu06.inst      1522051                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total        1522051                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::cpu06.inst      1522051                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total       1522051                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu06.inst        21862                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        21862                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::cpu06.inst        21862                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total        21862                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::cpu06.inst        21862                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total        21862                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu06.inst      1543913                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1543913                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::cpu06.inst      1543913                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total      1543913                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::cpu06.inst      1543913                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total      1543913                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu06.inst     0.014160                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014160                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu06.inst     0.014160                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014160                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu06.inst     0.014160                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014160                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.writebacks::writebacks        21350                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.icache.writebacks::total           21350                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                21350                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walks                     807                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walksLong                 807                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples          807                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0           807    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total          807                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples   1321668776                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walksPending::0    1321668776    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walksPending::total   1321668776                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K          671     98.68%     98.68% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M            8      1.18%     99.85% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G            1      0.15%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total          680                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data          807                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total          807                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data          680                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total          680                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total         1487                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                     579820                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                      653                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                    485488                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                     154                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              2259                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    23                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                    278                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                   26                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                     103                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                 580473                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                485642                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                         1065308                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                           807                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                     1066115                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walks                    2046                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walksLong                2046                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples         2046                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0          2046    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total         2046                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walksPending::samples     15775648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walksPending::0      15775648    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walksPending::total     15775648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K         1979     99.25%     99.25% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           15      0.75%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total         1994                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst         2046                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total         2046                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst         1994                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total         1994                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total         4040                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                    2638218                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                     2046                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              2259                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    23                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                    188                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                2640264                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                         2638218                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                          2046                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                     2640264                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numPwrStateTransitions               217                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          109                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   26086847723568.359375                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  33678959654643.968750                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows           27     24.77%     24.77% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           33     30.28%     55.05% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows           49     44.95%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 85332409838192                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           109                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    1582269549                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 2843466401868951                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.numCycles                   19162967128524                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu07.kern.inst.quiesce                    109                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                   2639868                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                     3164169                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.committedUserInsts                125162                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses             2964387                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_vec_alu_accesses                1348                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                    192792                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts       341721                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                    2964387                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_vec_insts                       1348                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads           4141694                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes          2367622                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_vec_register_reads              1280                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu07.num_vec_register_writes              628                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu07.num_cc_register_reads             591420                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu07.num_cc_register_writes            587955                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                     1064044                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                    578430                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                   485614                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles             19162956465211.488281                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles             10663312.509730                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction               0.000001                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                   0.999999                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.Branches                          557241                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu07.op_class::No_OpClass                  20      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IntAlu                 2095667     66.22%     66.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IntMult                   3538      0.11%     66.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IntDiv                     924      0.03%     66.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     66.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     66.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     66.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     66.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     66.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     66.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     66.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     66.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAdd                     60      0.00%     66.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     66.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAlu                    120      0.00%     66.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdCmp                     80      0.00%     66.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     66.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdMisc                    60      0.00%     66.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     66.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     66.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     66.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     66.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     66.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     66.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     66.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     66.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     66.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     66.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     66.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     66.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     66.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     66.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                 578430     18.28%     84.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite                485614     15.35%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::total                  3164513                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         363.417896                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.total_refs           1065645                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           35981                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.avg_refs           29.616881                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   363.417896                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.709801                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.709801                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          387                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          387                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.755859                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         2167271                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.data_accesses        2167271                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu07.data       524417                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        524417                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu07.data       458509                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       458509                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu07.data        14249                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        14249                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu07.data            4                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total            4                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu07.data        15184                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        15184                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu07.data        13189                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        13189                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::cpu07.data       982930                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total         982930                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::cpu07.data       997179                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total        997179                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu07.data        25460                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        25460                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu07.data        10446                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        10446                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu07.data          801                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total          801                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu07.data         1248                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total         1248                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu07.data           89                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           89                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu07.data         2049                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         2049                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::cpu07.data        37154                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total        37154                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::cpu07.data        37955                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total        37955                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu07.data       549877                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       549877                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu07.data       468955                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       468955                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu07.data        15050                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        15050                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu07.data         1252                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total         1252                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu07.data        15273                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        15273                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu07.data        15238                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15238                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu07.data      1020084                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1020084                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu07.data      1035134                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1035134                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.046301                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.046301                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.022275                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.022275                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.053223                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.053223                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.996805                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.996805                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.005827                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.005827                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.134466                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.134466                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.036422                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.036422                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.036667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.036667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        19230                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total           19230                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                32942                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.icache.tags.tagsinuse         502.633088                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.tags.total_refs           2640212                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.tags.sampled_refs           30938                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.tags.avg_refs           85.338807                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst   502.633088                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.981705                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.981705                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu07.icache.tags.tag_accesses         5311362                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu07.icache.tags.data_accesses        5311362                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu07.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu07.inst      2609274                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       2609274                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::cpu07.inst      2609274                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total        2609274                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::cpu07.inst      2609274                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total       2609274                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu07.inst        30938                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        30938                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::cpu07.inst        30938                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total        30938                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::cpu07.inst        30938                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total        30938                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu07.inst      2640212                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2640212                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::cpu07.inst      2640212                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total      2640212                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::cpu07.inst      2640212                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total      2640212                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu07.inst     0.011718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu07.inst     0.011718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu07.inst     0.011718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.writebacks::writebacks        30426                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.icache.writebacks::total           30426                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                30426                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walks                     890                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walksLong                 890                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples          890                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0           890    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total          890                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples   1580745776                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walksPending::0    1580745776    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walksPending::total   1580745776                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K          749     98.55%     98.55% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           11      1.45%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total          760                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data          890                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total          890                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data          760                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total          760                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total         1650                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                     550263                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                      756                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                    394424                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                     134                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              2259                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    23                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                     52                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                   18                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                      31                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                 551019                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                394558                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                          944687                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                           890                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                      945577                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walks                    2954                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walksLong                2954                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples         2954                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0          2954    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total         2954                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walksPending::samples   1535890776                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walksPending::0    1535890776    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walksPending::total   1535890776                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K         2890     99.62%     99.62% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           11      0.38%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total         2901                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst         2954                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total         2954                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst         2901                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total         2901                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total         5855                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                    2483625                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                     2954                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              2259                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    23                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                2486579                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                         2483625                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                          2954                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                     2486579                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numPwrStateTransitions               107                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples           54                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   52656787629094.945312                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  339278111229286.812500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows           24     44.44%     44.44% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           27     50.00%     94.44% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows            3      5.56%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 2481016718378500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::total            54                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    1452167373                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 2843466531971127                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.numCycles                   14219148641136                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu08.kern.inst.quiesce                     54                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                   2486186                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                     2903946                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.committedUserInsts                530237                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses             2686062                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_vec_alu_accesses                3293                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                    135040                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts       379907                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                    2686062                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_vec_insts                       3293                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads           3720769                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes          2153962                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_vec_register_reads              3305                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu08.num_vec_register_writes             1862                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu08.num_cc_register_reads             677013                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu08.num_cc_register_writes            668928                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                      943203                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                    548694                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                   394509                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles             14219141379425.423828                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles             7261710.577432                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction               0.000001                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                   0.999999                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.Branches                          538779                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu08.op_class::No_OpClass                  65      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IntAlu                 1952675     67.23%     67.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IntMult                   6661      0.23%     67.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IntDiv                     602      0.02%     67.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     67.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     67.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     67.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     67.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     67.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     67.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     67.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     67.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAdd                    205      0.01%     67.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     67.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAlu                    407      0.01%     67.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdCmp                    260      0.01%     67.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     67.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdMisc                   208      0.01%     67.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     67.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     67.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     67.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     67.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     67.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     67.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     67.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     67.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     67.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     67.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     67.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     67.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     67.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     67.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                 548694     18.89%     86.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite                394509     13.58%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::total                  2904286                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         359.528246                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.total_refs            945336                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           33740                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.avg_refs           28.018257                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.data   359.528246                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.702204                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.702204                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          393                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          393                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.767578                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         1924412                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.data_accesses        1924412                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu08.data       492310                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        492310                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu08.data       367656                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       367656                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu08.data        14988                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        14988                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu08.data          414                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total          414                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu08.data        17600                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17600                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu08.data        16524                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16524                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::cpu08.data       860380                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total         860380                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::cpu08.data       875368                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total        875368                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu08.data        25179                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        25179                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu08.data         5943                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5943                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu08.data          672                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total          672                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu08.data         2763                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total         2763                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu08.data          125                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          125                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu08.data         1162                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         1162                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::cpu08.data        33885                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total        33885                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::cpu08.data        34557                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total        34557                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu08.data       517489                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       517489                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu08.data       373599                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       373599                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu08.data        15660                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        15660                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu08.data         3177                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total         3177                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu08.data        17725                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17725                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu08.data        17686                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17686                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu08.data       894265                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total       894265                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu08.data       909925                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total       909925                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.048656                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.048656                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.015907                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.015907                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.042912                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.042912                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.869688                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.869688                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.007052                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.007052                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.065702                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.065702                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.037891                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.037891                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.037978                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.037978                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        18469                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total           18469                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                32665                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.icache.tags.tagsinuse         477.956532                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.tags.total_refs           2486526                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.tags.sampled_refs           31030                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.tags.avg_refs           80.132968                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst   477.956532                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.933509                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.933509                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu08.icache.tags.tag_accesses         5004082                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu08.icache.tags.data_accesses        5004082                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu08.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu08.inst      2455496                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       2455496                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::cpu08.inst      2455496                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total        2455496                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::cpu08.inst      2455496                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total       2455496                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu08.inst        31030                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        31030                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::cpu08.inst        31030                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total        31030                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::cpu08.inst        31030                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total        31030                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu08.inst      2486526                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2486526                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::cpu08.inst      2486526                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total      2486526                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::cpu08.inst      2486526                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total      2486526                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu08.inst     0.012479                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.012479                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu08.inst     0.012479                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012479                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu08.inst     0.012479                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012479                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.writebacks::writebacks        30518                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.icache.writebacks::total           30518                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                30518                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walks                     387                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walksLong                 387                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples          387                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0           387    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total          387                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples   -949831020                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walksPending::0    -949831020    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walksPending::total   -949831020                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K          319     99.38%     99.38% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M            2      0.62%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total          321                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data          387                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total          387                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data          321                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total          321                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total          708                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                     223650                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                      308                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                    205012                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                      79                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              2259                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    23                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                    106                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    9                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                      50                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                 223958                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                205091                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                          428662                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                           387                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                      429049                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walks                     753                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walksLong                 753                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples          753                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0           753    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total          753                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walksPending::samples   -994233020                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walksPending::0    -994233020    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walksPending::total   -994233020                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K          720     99.04%     99.04% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M            7      0.96%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total          727                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst          753                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total          753                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst          727                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total          727                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total         1480                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                    1072944                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                      753                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              2259                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    23                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                     60                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                1073697                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                         1072944                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                           753                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                     1073697                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numPwrStateTransitions                45                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples           23                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   123629015081854.343750                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  517819136322383.937500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows            6     26.09%     26.09% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           14     60.87%     86.96% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows            3     13.04%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          501                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 2481016717692000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::total            23                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON     637255850                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 2843467346882650                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.numCycles                   14219148642478                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu09.kern.inst.quiesce                     23                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                   1073498                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                     1274306                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.committedUserInsts                 98513                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses             1187752                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_vec_alu_accesses                 651                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                     61346                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts       146243                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                    1187752                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_vec_insts                        651                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads           1666342                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes           943478                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_vec_register_reads               612                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu09.num_vec_register_writes              291                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu09.num_cc_register_reads             261831                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu09.num_cc_register_writes            260817                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                      428045                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                    222974                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                   205071                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles             14219145455843.398438                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles             3186634.600248                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction               0.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                   1.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.Branches                          216515                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu09.op_class::No_OpClass                   9      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IntAlu                  844948     66.30%     66.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IntMult                   1092      0.09%     66.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IntDiv                     241      0.02%     66.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     66.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     66.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     66.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     66.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     66.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     66.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     66.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     66.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAdd                     27      0.00%     66.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     66.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAlu                     54      0.00%     66.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdCmp                     36      0.00%     66.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     66.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdMisc                    27      0.00%     66.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     66.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     66.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     66.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     66.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     66.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     66.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     66.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     66.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     66.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     66.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     66.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     66.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     66.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     66.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                 222974     17.50%     83.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite                205071     16.09%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::total                  1274479                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         353.396117                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.total_refs            428869                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           15801                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.avg_refs           27.141890                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.data   353.396117                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.690227                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.690227                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          387                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          387                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.755859                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          873539                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.data_accesses         873539                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu09.data       198796                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        198796                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu09.data       192486                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       192486                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu09.data         6756                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total         6756                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu09.data            2                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total            2                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu09.data         7242                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7242                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu09.data         6497                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         6497                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::cpu09.data       391284                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total         391284                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::cpu09.data       398040                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total        398040                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu09.data        10705                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        10705                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu09.data         4606                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         4606                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu09.data          326                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total          326                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu09.data          656                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total          656                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu09.data           31                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           31                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu09.data          766                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          766                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::cpu09.data        15967                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total        15967                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::cpu09.data        16293                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total        16293                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu09.data       209501                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       209501                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu09.data       197092                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       197092                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu09.data         7082                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total         7082                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu09.data          658                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total          658                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu09.data         7273                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7273                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu09.data         7263                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7263                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu09.data       407251                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total       407251                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu09.data       414333                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total       414333                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.051098                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.051098                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.023370                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.023370                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.046032                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.046032                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.996960                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.996960                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.004262                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.004262                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.105466                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.105466                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.039207                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.039207                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.039323                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.039323                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9196                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total            9196                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                14817                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.icache.tags.tagsinuse         477.956333                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.tags.total_refs           1073671                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.tags.sampled_refs            9141                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.tags.avg_refs          117.456624                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst   477.956333                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.933508                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.933508                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu09.icache.tags.tag_accesses         2156483                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu09.icache.tags.data_accesses        2156483                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu09.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu09.inst      1064530                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1064530                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::cpu09.inst      1064530                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total        1064530                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::cpu09.inst      1064530                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total       1064530                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu09.inst         9141                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         9141                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::cpu09.inst         9141                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total         9141                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::cpu09.inst         9141                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total         9141                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu09.inst      1073671                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1073671                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::cpu09.inst      1073671                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total      1073671                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::cpu09.inst      1073671                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total      1073671                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu09.inst     0.008514                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008514                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu09.inst     0.008514                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008514                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu09.inst     0.008514                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008514                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.writebacks::writebacks         8629                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.icache.writebacks::total            8629                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                 8629                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              2259                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    23                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              2259                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    23                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  2843467984138500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu10.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.committedUserInsts                     0                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu10.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.icache.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu10.icache.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu10.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walks                     571                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walksLong                 571                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples          571                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0           571    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total          571                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples   -654835520                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walksPending::0    -654835520    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walksPending::total   -654835520                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K          500     99.21%     99.21% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M            4      0.79%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total          504                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data          571                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total          571                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data          504                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total          504                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total         1075                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                     508080                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                      446                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                    368404                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                     125                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              2259                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    23                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                    160                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                   19                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                      41                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                 508526                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                368529                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                          876484                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                           571                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                      877055                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walks                    1956                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walksLong                1956                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples         1956                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0          1956    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total         1956                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walksPending::samples   -655465520                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walksPending::0    -655465520    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walksPending::total   -655465520                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K         1912     99.12%     99.12% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           17      0.88%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total         1929                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst         1956                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total         1956                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst         1929                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total         1929                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total         3885                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                    2235962                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                     1956                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              2259                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    23                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                    124                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                2237918                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                         2235962                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                          1956                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                     2237918                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numPwrStateTransitions               125                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples           63                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   40332698156881.140625                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  320122688035005.750000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows           28     44.44%     44.44% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           34     53.97%     98.41% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows            1      1.59%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          501                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 2540896095137500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::total            63                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  302508000254988                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 2540959983883512                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.numCycles                   14099389887627                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu11.kern.inst.quiesce                     63                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                   2237693                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                     2580497                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.committedUserInsts                983731                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses             2379733                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_vec_alu_accesses                5532                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                    111090                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts       332195                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                    2379733                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_vec_insts                       5532                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads           3189623                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes          1879899                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_vec_register_reads              7504                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu11.num_vec_register_writes             4484                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu11.num_cc_register_reads             579171                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu11.num_cc_register_writes            561849                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                      875885                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                    507386                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                   368499                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles             14099383489417.005859                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles             6398209.994142                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction               0.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                   1.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.Branches                          474596                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu11.op_class::No_OpClass                 223      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IntAlu                 1695542     65.70%     65.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IntMult                   4823      0.19%     65.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IntDiv                     512      0.02%     65.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     65.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     65.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     65.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     65.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     65.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     65.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     65.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     65.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAdd                    692      0.03%     65.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     65.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAlu                   1421      0.06%     66.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdCmp                    892      0.03%     66.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     66.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdMisc                   705      0.03%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                 507386     19.66%     85.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite                368499     14.28%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::total                  2580695                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         351.393480                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.total_refs            876859                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           22242                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.avg_refs           39.423568                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    7049629764694000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   351.393480                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.686315                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.686315                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          392                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          392                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.765625                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         1775960                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.data_accesses        1775960                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu11.data       474901                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        474901                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu11.data       351600                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       351600                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu11.data         8210                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total         8210                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu11.data          115                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total          115                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu11.data         9677                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         9677                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu11.data         9048                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         9048                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::cpu11.data       826616                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total         826616                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::cpu11.data       834826                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total        834826                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu11.data        15002                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        15002                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu11.data         4045                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         4045                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu11.data          547                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total          547                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu11.data         2944                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total         2944                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu11.data           91                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           91                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu11.data          679                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          679                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::cpu11.data        21991                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total        21991                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::cpu11.data        22538                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total        22538                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu11.data       489903                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       489903                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu11.data       355645                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       355645                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu11.data         8757                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total         8757                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu11.data         3059                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total         3059                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu11.data         9768                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         9768                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu11.data         9727                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         9727                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu11.data       848607                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total       848607                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu11.data       857364                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total       857364                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.030622                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.030622                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.011374                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.011374                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.062464                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.062464                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.962406                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.962406                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.009316                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.009316                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.069806                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.069806                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.025914                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.025914                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.026288                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.026288                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        13338                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total           13338                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                21004                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.icache.tags.tagsinuse         457.530082                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.tags.total_refs           2237891                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.tags.sampled_refs           21346                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.tags.avg_refs          104.838893                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    7049629764689000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   457.530082                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.893613                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.893613                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu11.icache.tags.tag_accesses         4497128                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu11.icache.tags.data_accesses        4497128                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu11.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu11.inst      2216545                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       2216545                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::cpu11.inst      2216545                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total        2216545                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::cpu11.inst      2216545                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total       2216545                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu11.inst        21346                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        21346                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::cpu11.inst        21346                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total        21346                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::cpu11.inst        21346                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total        21346                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu11.inst      2237891                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2237891                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::cpu11.inst      2237891                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total      2237891                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::cpu11.inst      2237891                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total      2237891                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu11.inst     0.009538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu11.inst     0.009538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu11.inst     0.009538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.writebacks::writebacks        20834                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.icache.writebacks::total           20834                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                20834                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walks                     453                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walksLong                 453                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples          453                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0           453    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total          453                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples    -81386020                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walksPending::0     -81386020    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walksPending::total    -81386020                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K          386     98.97%     98.97% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M            4      1.03%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total          390                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data          453                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total          453                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data          390                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total          390                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total          843                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                     344165                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                      362                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                    276342                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                      91                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              2259                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    23                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                     70                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                   14                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                      29                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                 344527                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                276433                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                          620507                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                           453                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                      620960                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walks                    1715                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walksLong                1715                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples         1715                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0          1715    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total         1715                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walksPending::samples   -130566520                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walksPending::0    -130566520    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walksPending::total   -130566520                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K         1673     99.41%     99.41% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           10      0.59%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total         1683                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst         1715                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total         1715                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst         1683                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total         1683                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total         3398                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                    1606388                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                     1715                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              2259                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    23                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                     54                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                1608103                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                         1606388                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                          1715                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                     1608103                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numPwrStateTransitions               179                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples           90                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   28232886118057.378906                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  40091021644666.031250                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows           20     22.22%     22.22% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           39     43.33%     65.56% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows           31     34.44%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          501                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 85332409838192                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::total            90                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  302508233513336                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 2540959750625164                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.numCycles                   19168428610600                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu12.kern.inst.quiesce                     90                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                   1607925                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                     1896434                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.committedUserInsts                159807                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses             1763309                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_vec_alu_accesses                2149                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                    103234                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts       219794                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                    1763309                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_vec_insts                       2149                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads           2490276                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes          1412385                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_vec_register_reads              2420                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu12.num_vec_register_writes             1449                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu12.num_cc_register_reads             391693                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu12.num_cc_register_writes            389346                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                      619831                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                    343417                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                   276414                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles             19168422217994.695312                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles             6392605.304380                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction               0.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                   1.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.Branches                          336777                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu12.op_class::No_OpClass                  62      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IntAlu                 1270701     67.00%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IntMult                   4483      0.24%     67.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IntDiv                     521      0.03%     67.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     67.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     67.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     67.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     67.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     67.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     67.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     67.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     67.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdAdd                    190      0.01%     67.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     67.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdAlu                    358      0.02%     67.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdCmp                    248      0.01%     67.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     67.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdMisc                   186      0.01%     67.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     67.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     67.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     67.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     67.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     67.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     67.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     67.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     67.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     67.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     67.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     67.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     67.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     67.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     67.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                 343417     18.11%     85.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite                276414     14.57%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::total                  1896580                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         328.977708                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.total_refs            620662                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           20836                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.avg_refs           29.787963                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    7049630340012500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.data   328.977708                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.642535                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.642535                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          366                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          366                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.714844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         1262160                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.data_accesses        1262160                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu12.data       311462                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        311462                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu12.data       260319                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       260319                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu12.data         8438                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total         8438                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu12.data          115                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total          115                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu12.data         9168                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         9168                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu12.data         8475                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8475                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::cpu12.data       571896                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total         571896                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::cpu12.data       580334                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total        580334                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu12.data        14596                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        14596                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu12.data         4594                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         4594                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu12.data          583                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total          583                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu12.data         2058                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total         2058                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu12.data          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu12.data          753                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          753                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::cpu12.data        21248                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total        21248                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::cpu12.data        21831                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total        21831                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu12.data       326058                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       326058                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu12.data       264913                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       264913                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu12.data         9021                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total         9021                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu12.data         2173                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total         2173                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu12.data         9269                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         9269                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu12.data         9228                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         9228                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu12.data       593144                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total       593144                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu12.data       602165                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total       602165                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.044765                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.044765                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.017342                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.017342                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.064627                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.064627                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.947078                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.947078                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.010897                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.010897                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.081599                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.081599                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.035823                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.035823                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.036254                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.036254                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        10489                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total           10489                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                18808                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.icache.tags.tagsinuse         457.529980                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.tags.total_refs           1608071                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.tags.sampled_refs           20720                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.tags.avg_refs           77.609604                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    7049630340007500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst   457.529980                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.893613                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.893613                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu12.icache.tags.tag_accesses         3236862                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu12.icache.tags.data_accesses        3236862                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu12.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu12.inst      1587351                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1587351                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::cpu12.inst      1587351                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total        1587351                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::cpu12.inst      1587351                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total       1587351                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu12.inst        20720                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        20720                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::cpu12.inst        20720                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total        20720                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::cpu12.inst        20720                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total        20720                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu12.inst      1608071                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1608071                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::cpu12.inst      1608071                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total      1608071                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::cpu12.inst      1608071                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total      1608071                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu12.inst     0.012885                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.012885                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu12.inst     0.012885                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012885                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu12.inst     0.012885                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012885                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.writebacks::writebacks        20208                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.icache.writebacks::total           20208                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                20208                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walks                   19209                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walksLong               19209                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        19209                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         19209    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        19209                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples    824199972                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walksPending::0     824199972    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walksPending::total    824199972                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        18870     98.24%     98.24% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          320      1.67%     99.90% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G           19      0.10%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        19209                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        19209                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        19209                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        19209                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        19209                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        38418                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                    1931639                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                    18338                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                   1634769                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                     871                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              2259                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    23                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                     90                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                  645                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                      31                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                1949977                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses               1635640                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                         3566408                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                         19209                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                     3585617                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walks                   34289                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walksLong               34289                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        34289                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         34289    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        34289                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walksPending::samples  -1661801528                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walksPending::0   -1661801528    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walksPending::total  -1661801528                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        33969     99.07%     99.07% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          320      0.93%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        34289                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        34289                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        34289                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        34289                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        34289                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        68578                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                    9615502                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                    34289                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              2259                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    23                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                     55                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                9649791                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                         9615502                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                         34289                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                     9649791                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numPwrStateTransitions               705                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          353                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   8055133731743.263672                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  23471268327999.808594                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows           52     14.73%     14.73% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10          255     72.24%     86.97% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::5e+11-5.5e+11            1      0.28%     87.25% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows           45     12.75%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 85332409769192                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           353                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    5776833128                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 2843462207305372                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.numCycles                   19048850196118                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu13.kern.inst.quiesce                    353                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                   9648527                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                    11552615                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.committedUserInsts               3406181                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses            10607842                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_vec_alu_accesses              237810                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                    688262                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts      1338386                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                   10607842                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_vec_insts                     237810                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads          15070265                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes          8394862                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_vec_register_reads            349470                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu13.num_vec_register_writes           214522                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu13.num_cc_register_reads            2326821                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu13.num_cc_register_writes           2245416                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                     3578850                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                   1944074                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                  1634776                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles             19048811496249.042969                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles             38699868.958814                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction               0.000002                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                   0.999998                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.Branches                         2151728                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu13.op_class::No_OpClass               10527      0.09%      0.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IntAlu                 7750594     67.08%     67.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IntMult                  20547      0.18%     67.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IntDiv                    5884      0.05%     67.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     67.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     67.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     67.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     67.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     67.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     67.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     67.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     67.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdAdd                  35175      0.30%     67.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     67.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdAlu                  75281      0.65%     68.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdCmp                  42108      0.36%     68.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     68.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdMisc                 34913      0.30%     69.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     69.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     69.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     69.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     69.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     69.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     69.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     69.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     69.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     69.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     69.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     69.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     69.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     69.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     69.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                1944074     16.83%     85.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite               1634776     14.15%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::total                 11553879                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         340.652687                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.total_refs           3584696                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          127680                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.avg_refs           28.075627                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.data   340.652687                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.665337                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.665337                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          329                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          329                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.642578                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         7297072                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.data_accesses        7297072                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu13.data      1799788                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1799788                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu13.data      1567751                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1567751                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu13.data        17609                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        17609                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu13.data         1405                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         1405                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu13.data        33438                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        33438                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu13.data        32154                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        32154                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::cpu13.data      3368944                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total        3368944                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::cpu13.data      3386553                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total       3386553                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu13.data        93451                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        93451                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu13.data        23709                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        23709                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu13.data         4006                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         4006                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu13.data         8008                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total         8008                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu13.data         1082                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1082                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu13.data         2295                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         2295                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::cpu13.data       125168                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total       125168                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::cpu13.data       129174                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total       129174                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu13.data      1893239                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1893239                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu13.data      1591460                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1591460                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu13.data        21615                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        21615                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu13.data         9413                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total         9413                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu13.data        34520                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        34520                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu13.data        34449                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        34449                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu13.data      3494112                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total      3494112                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu13.data      3515727                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total      3515727                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.049360                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.049360                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.014898                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.014898                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.185334                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.185334                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.850738                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.850738                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.031344                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.031344                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.066620                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.066620                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.035823                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.035823                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.036742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.036742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        56850                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total           56850                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements               123004                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.icache.tags.tagsinuse         500.317235                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.tags.total_refs           9649791                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.tags.sampled_refs          324195                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.tags.avg_refs           29.765391                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst   500.317235                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.977182                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.977182                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu13.icache.tags.tag_accesses        19623777                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu13.icache.tags.data_accesses       19623777                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu13.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu13.inst      9325596                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       9325596                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::cpu13.inst      9325596                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total        9325596                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::cpu13.inst      9325596                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total       9325596                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu13.inst       324195                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       324195                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::cpu13.inst       324195                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total       324195                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::cpu13.inst       324195                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total       324195                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu13.inst      9649791                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9649791                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::cpu13.inst      9649791                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total      9649791                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::cpu13.inst      9649791                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total      9649791                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu13.inst     0.033596                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.033596                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu13.inst     0.033596                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.033596                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu13.inst     0.033596                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.033596                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.writebacks::writebacks       323683                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.icache.writebacks::total          323683                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.icache.replacements               323683                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walks                  107267                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walksLong              107267                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples       107267                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0        107267    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total       107267                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples     15759648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walksPending::0      15759648    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walksPending::total     15759648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K       107160     99.90%     99.90% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          107      0.10%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total       107267                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data       107267                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total       107267                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data       107267                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total       107267                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total       214534                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                   37393435                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                    94099                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                  33292949                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                   13168                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              2259                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    23                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                 4425                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses               37487534                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses              33306117                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                        70686384                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                        107267                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                    70793651                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walks                  657283                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walksLong              657283                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples       657283                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0        657283    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total       657283                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walksPending::samples     15759148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walksPending::0      15759148    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walksPending::total     15759148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K       655421     99.72%     99.72% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M         1862      0.28%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total       657283                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst       657283                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total       657283                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst       657283                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total       657283                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total      1314566                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                  172074537                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                   657283                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              2259                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    23                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses              172731820                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                       172074537                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                        657283                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                   172731820                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numPwrStateTransitions             27812                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples        13906                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   204470318403.774261                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  2477154151045.123535                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows        13276     95.47%     95.47% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10          536      3.85%     99.32% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows           94      0.68%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 30235161808360                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::total         13906                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  103736415615                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 2843364247722885                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.numCycles                   19181182091746                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu14.kern.inst.quiesce                  13906                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                 172684834                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                   207426185                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.committedUserInsts              21426893                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses           194648497                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_vec_alu_accesses              413305                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                  14830686                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts     24652352                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                  194648497                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_vec_insts                     413305                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads         276911014                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes        149803289                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_vec_register_reads            437684                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu14.num_vec_register_writes           246285                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu14.num_cc_register_reads           36359616                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu14.num_cc_register_writes          36219810                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                    70669817                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                  37389122                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                 33280695                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles             19180482317070.582031                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles             699774675.418606                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction               0.000036                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                   0.999964                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.Branches                        40903845                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu14.op_class::No_OpClass                9493      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IntAlu               136446601     65.77%     65.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IntMult                 163582      0.08%     65.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IntDiv                   26659      0.01%     65.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     65.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     65.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     65.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     65.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     65.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     65.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     65.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     65.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdAdd                  28389      0.01%     65.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     65.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdAlu                  59478      0.03%     65.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdCmp                  37972      0.02%     65.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     65.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdMisc                 31179      0.02%     65.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     65.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     65.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     65.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     65.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     65.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     65.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     65.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     65.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     65.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     65.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     65.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     65.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     65.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     65.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead               37389122     18.02%     83.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite              33280695     16.04%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::total                207473170                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         496.992423                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.total_refs          70790727                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         1804329                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.avg_refs           39.233824                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.data   496.992423                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.970688                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.970688                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          510                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          114                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          333                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           63                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       143385783                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.data_accesses      143385783                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu14.data     34787817                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      34787817                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu14.data     32059347                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     32059347                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu14.data       524308                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total       524308                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu14.data        24026                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total        24026                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu14.data       773215                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       773215                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu14.data       789123                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       789123                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::cpu14.data     66871190                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total       66871190                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::cpu14.data     67395498                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total      67395498                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu14.data      1277677                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1277677                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu14.data       325138                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       325138                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu14.data        94905                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        94905                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu14.data        94656                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        94656                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu14.data        28307                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        28307                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu14.data        12208                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        12208                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::cpu14.data      1697471                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total      1697471                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::cpu14.data      1792376                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total      1792376                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu14.data     36065494                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     36065494                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu14.data     32384485                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     32384485                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu14.data       619213                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total       619213                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu14.data       118682                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total       118682                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu14.data       801522                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       801522                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu14.data       801331                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       801331                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu14.data     68568661                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total     68568661                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu14.data     69187874                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total     69187874                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.035427                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.035427                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.010040                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.010040                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.153267                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.153267                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.797560                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.797560                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.035317                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.035317                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.015235                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.015235                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.024756                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.024756                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.025906                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.025906                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       937456                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total          937456                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements              1778228                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.icache.tags.tagsinuse         511.616051                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.tags.total_refs         172731820                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.tags.sampled_refs         6482291                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.tags.avg_refs           26.646724                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst   511.616051                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.999250                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999250                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          320                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          188                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.tag_accesses       351945931                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu14.icache.tags.data_accesses      351945931                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu14.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu14.inst    166249529                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     166249529                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::cpu14.inst    166249529                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total      166249529                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::cpu14.inst    166249529                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total     166249529                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu14.inst      6482291                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      6482291                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::cpu14.inst      6482291                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total      6482291                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::cpu14.inst      6482291                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total      6482291                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu14.inst    172731820                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    172731820                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::cpu14.inst    172731820                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total    172731820                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::cpu14.inst    172731820                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total    172731820                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu14.inst     0.037528                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.037528                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu14.inst     0.037528                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.037528                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu14.inst     0.037528                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.037528                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.writebacks::writebacks      6481779                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.icache.writebacks::total         6481779                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.icache.replacements              6481779                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walks                   22991                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walksLong               22991                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        22991                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         22991    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        22991                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples   -315558908                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walksPending::0    -315558908    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walksPending::total   -315558908                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        22495     98.27%     98.27% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          381      1.66%     99.93% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G           15      0.07%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        22891                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        22991                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        22991                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        22891                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        22891                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        45882                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                    2666213                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                    21839                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                   2244480                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                    1152                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              2259                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    23                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                     58                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                  775                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                      51                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                2688052                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses               2245632                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                         4910693                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                         22991                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                     4933684                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walks                   46702                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walksLong               46702                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        46702                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         46702    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        46702                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walksPending::samples     16101648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walksPending::0      16101648    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walksPending::total     16101648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        46310     99.24%     99.24% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          354      0.76%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        46664                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        46702                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        46702                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        46664                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        46664                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        93366                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                   12812935                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                    46702                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              2259                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    23                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses               12859637                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                        12812935                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                         46702                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                    12859637                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numPwrStateTransitions              1313                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          657                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   4327945588443.841797                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  15963695569696.267578                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          154     23.44%     23.44% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10          439     66.82%     90.26% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::9.5e+11-1e+12            3      0.46%     90.72% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows           61      9.28%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 85332409769192                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           657                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    7732530896                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 2843460251607604                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.numCycles                   19152385900497                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu15.kern.inst.quiesce                    657                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                  12857708                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                    15463488                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.committedUserInsts               2890377                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses            14343642                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_vec_alu_accesses              218401                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                    992832                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts      1727867                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                   14343642                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_vec_insts                     218401                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads          20389740                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes         11350718                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_vec_register_reads            314254                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu15.num_vec_register_writes           191501                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu15.num_cc_register_reads            2861670                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu15.num_cc_register_writes           2786322                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                     4924954                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                   2680153                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                  2244801                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles             19152333817538.792969                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles             52082958.208062                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction               0.000003                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                   0.999997                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.Branches                         2859703                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu15.op_class::No_OpClass                9260      0.06%      0.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IntAlu                10326877     66.77%     66.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IntMult                  30088      0.19%     67.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IntDiv                    8581      0.06%     67.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     67.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     67.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     67.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     67.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     67.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     67.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     67.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     67.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdAdd                  31065      0.20%     67.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     67.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdAlu                  66312      0.43%     67.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdCmp                  37040      0.24%     67.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     67.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdMisc                 31202      0.20%     68.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     68.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     68.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     68.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     68.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     68.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     68.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     68.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     68.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     68.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     68.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     68.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     68.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     68.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     68.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead                2680153     17.33%     85.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite               2244801     14.52%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::total                 15465379                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         440.410558                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.total_refs           4932154                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          176442                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.avg_refs           27.953401                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.data   440.410558                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.860177                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.860177                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          418                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          418                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.816406                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        10040750                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.data_accesses       10040750                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu15.data      2466640                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2466640                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu15.data      2152004                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      2152004                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu15.data        32166                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        32166                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu15.data         1878                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         1878                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu15.data        48822                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        48822                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu15.data        46130                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        46130                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::cpu15.data      4620522                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total        4620522                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::cpu15.data      4652688                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total       4652688                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu15.data       132077                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       132077                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu15.data        31318                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        31318                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu15.data         5949                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         5949                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu15.data         9889                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total         9889                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu15.data         1391                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1391                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu15.data         3890                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         3890                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::cpu15.data       173284                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total       173284                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::cpu15.data       179233                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total       179233                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu15.data      2598717                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2598717                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu15.data      2183322                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      2183322                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu15.data        38115                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        38115                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu15.data        11767                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        11767                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu15.data        50213                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        50213                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu15.data        50020                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        50020                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu15.data      4793806                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4793806                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu15.data      4831921                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4831921                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.050824                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.050824                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.014344                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.014344                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.156080                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.156080                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.840401                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.840401                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.027702                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.027702                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.077769                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.077769                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.036147                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.036147                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.037094                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.037094                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        79043                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total           79043                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements               168630                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.icache.tags.tagsinuse         506.869139                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.tags.total_refs          12859599                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.tags.sampled_refs          450038                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.tags.avg_refs           28.574474                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst   506.869139                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.989979                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.989979                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu15.icache.tags.tag_accesses        26169236                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu15.icache.tags.data_accesses       26169236                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu15.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu15.inst     12409561                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12409561                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::cpu15.inst     12409561                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total       12409561                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::cpu15.inst     12409561                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total      12409561                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu15.inst       450038                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       450038                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::cpu15.inst       450038                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total       450038                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::cpu15.inst       450038                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total       450038                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu15.inst     12859599                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12859599                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::cpu15.inst     12859599                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total     12859599                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::cpu15.inst     12859599                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total     12859599                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu15.inst     0.034996                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.034996                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu15.inst     0.034996                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.034996                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu15.inst     0.034996                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.034996                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.writebacks::writebacks       449526                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.icache.writebacks::total          449526                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.icache.replacements               449526                       # number of replacements
system.iobus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 7735                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                7735                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               13935                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              13935                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart0.pio        18284                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pci_ide.pio         3016                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.viopci.pio         5584                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total        26884                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pci_ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        16456                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pci_ide.dma::total        16456                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   43340                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart0.pio        18284                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pci_ide.pio         1682                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.viopci.pio         4188                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total        24154                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pci_ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side       520992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pci_ide.dma::total       520992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                   545146                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse               14.297872                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                   8228                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                 8228                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        1                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle         7049619733517501                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::pci_ide     14.297872                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::pci_ide     0.893617                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.893617                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                74052                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses               74052                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pci_ide            996                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              996                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::pci_ide         7232                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total         7232                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::pci_ide            8228                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total              8228                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::pci_ide           8228                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total             8228                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pci_ide          996                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            996                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::pci_ide         7232                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total         7232                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::pci_ide          8228                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total            8228                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::pci_ide         8228                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total           8228                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pci_ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::pci_ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pci_ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pci_ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks            7200                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                 7200                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.replacements                      8212                       # number of replacements
system.l20.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l20.tags.tagsinuse                15086.255939                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l20.tags.total_refs                   39127079                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l20.tags.sampled_refs                  2731889                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l20.tags.avg_refs                    14.322353                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l20.tags.warmup_cycle             6747123054781500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    1180.211789                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.dtb.walker    54.524805                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.itb.walker    57.550402                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst    2691.913581                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    8176.561694                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.dtb.walker     2.765950                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.itb.walker     4.925617                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst     153.752845                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.data      96.937710                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.dtb.walker    10.856620                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.itb.walker     7.372785                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst     761.030772                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.data     992.364879                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.dtb.walker     9.392218                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.itb.walker    12.896212                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst     461.131108                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.data     412.066953                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::writebacks      0.072034                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.dtb.walker     0.003328                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.itb.walker     0.003513                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.inst      0.164301                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.data      0.499058                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.dtb.walker     0.000169                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.itb.walker     0.000301                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.inst      0.009384                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.data      0.005917                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.dtb.walker     0.000663                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.itb.walker     0.000450                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.inst      0.046450                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.data      0.060569                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.dtb.walker     0.000573                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.itb.walker     0.000787                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.inst      0.028145                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.data      0.025151                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_percent::total           0.920792                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l20.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          162                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l20.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        16166                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l20.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          162                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l20.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        16166                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l20.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.009888                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l20.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.986694                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l20.tags.tag_accesses                 82197491                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l20.tags.data_accesses                82197491                       # Number of data accesses
system.l20.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l20.ReadReq_hits::cpu00.dtb.walker      2508143                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l20.ReadReq_hits::cpu00.itb.walker       229657                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l20.ReadReq_hits::cpu01.dtb.walker          112                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l20.ReadReq_hits::cpu01.itb.walker         1316                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l20.ReadReq_hits::cpu02.dtb.walker        12613                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l20.ReadReq_hits::cpu02.itb.walker        54632                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l20.ReadReq_hits::cpu03.dtb.walker       596445                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l20.ReadReq_hits::cpu03.itb.walker       554429                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l20.ReadReq_hits::total                3957347                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l20.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      2799824                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l20.WritebackDirty_hits::total         2799824                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l20.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks      5988524                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l20.WritebackClean_hits::total         5988524                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l20.WriteClean_hits::writebacks            251                       # number of WriteClean hits
system.l20.WriteClean_hits::total                 251                       # number of WriteClean hits
system.l20.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu00.data           1019                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l20.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu01.data             35                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l20.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu02.data            389                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l20.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu03.data          10066                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l20.UpgradeReq_hits::total               11509                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu00.data          153                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu01.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu02.data          238                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu03.data         1692                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total              2092                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l20.ReadExReq_hits::cpu00.data          372522                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l20.ReadExReq_hits::cpu01.data             113                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l20.ReadExReq_hits::cpu02.data           13276                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l20.ReadExReq_hits::cpu03.data          612178                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l20.ReadExReq_hits::total               998089                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu00.inst      3424707                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu01.inst         5070                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu02.inst       175118                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu03.inst      3274608                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_hits::total           6879503                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu00.data      5053560                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu01.data         1196                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu02.data        73075                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu03.data      2869137                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          7996968                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l20.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu00.data         1703                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l20.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu02.data         3928                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l20.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu03.data         7965                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l20.InvalidateReq_hits::total            13596                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu00.dtb.walker      2508143                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu00.itb.walker       229657                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu00.inst            3424707                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu00.data            5426082                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu01.dtb.walker          112                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu01.itb.walker         1316                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu01.inst               5070                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu01.data               1309                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu02.dtb.walker        12613                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu02.itb.walker        54632                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu02.inst             175118                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu02.data              86351                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu03.dtb.walker       596445                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu03.itb.walker       554429                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu03.inst            3274608                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::cpu03.data            3481315                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.demand_hits::total                19831907                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu00.dtb.walker      2508143                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu00.itb.walker       229657                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu00.inst           3424707                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu00.data           5426082                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu01.dtb.walker          112                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu01.itb.walker         1316                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu01.inst              5070                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu01.data              1309                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu02.dtb.walker        12613                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu02.itb.walker        54632                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu02.inst            175118                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu02.data             86351                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu03.dtb.walker       596445                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu03.itb.walker       554429                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu03.inst           3274608                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::cpu03.data           3481315                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.overall_hits::total               19831907                       # number of overall hits
system.l20.ReadReq_misses::cpu00.dtb.walker        17316                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l20.ReadReq_misses::cpu00.itb.walker         1085                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l20.ReadReq_misses::cpu01.dtb.walker           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l20.ReadReq_misses::cpu01.itb.walker           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l20.ReadReq_misses::cpu02.dtb.walker          292                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l20.ReadReq_misses::cpu02.itb.walker          175                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l20.ReadReq_misses::cpu03.dtb.walker        11062                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l20.ReadReq_misses::cpu03.itb.walker         1837                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l20.ReadReq_misses::total                31845                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l20.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu00.data         3285                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l20.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu01.data          382                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l20.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu02.data          885                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l20.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu03.data         4568                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l20.UpgradeReq_misses::total              9120                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu00.data         1268                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu01.data           66                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu02.data          805                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu03.data         2135                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total            4274                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l20.ReadExReq_misses::cpu00.data         22547                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l20.ReadExReq_misses::cpu01.data           287                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l20.ReadExReq_misses::cpu02.data          8366                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l20.ReadExReq_misses::cpu03.data         28794                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l20.ReadExReq_misses::total              59994                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu00.inst        45342                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu01.inst         1478                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu02.inst        23710                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu03.inst        51023                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          121553                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu00.data       858256                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu01.data         1345                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu02.data        32560                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu03.data       989781                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        1881942                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l20.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu00.data         4751                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l20.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu02.data         7741                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l20.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu03.data       570706                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l20.InvalidateReq_misses::total         583198                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu00.dtb.walker        17316                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu00.itb.walker         1085                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu00.inst            45342                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu00.data           880803                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu01.dtb.walker           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu01.itb.walker           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu01.inst             1478                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu01.data             1632                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu02.dtb.walker          292                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu02.itb.walker          175                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu02.inst            23710                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu02.data            40926                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu03.dtb.walker        11062                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu03.itb.walker         1837                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu03.inst            51023                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::cpu03.data          1018575                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.demand_misses::total               2095334                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu00.dtb.walker        17316                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu00.itb.walker         1085                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu00.inst           45342                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu00.data          880803                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu01.dtb.walker           29                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu01.itb.walker           49                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu01.inst            1478                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu01.data            1632                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu02.dtb.walker          292                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu02.itb.walker          175                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu02.inst           23710                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu02.data           40926                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu03.dtb.walker        11062                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu03.itb.walker         1837                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu03.inst           51023                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::cpu03.data         1018575                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.overall_misses::total              2095334                       # number of overall misses
system.l20.ReadReq_accesses::cpu00.dtb.walker      2525459                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadReq_accesses::cpu00.itb.walker       230742                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadReq_accesses::cpu01.dtb.walker          141                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadReq_accesses::cpu01.itb.walker         1365                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadReq_accesses::cpu02.dtb.walker        12905                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadReq_accesses::cpu02.itb.walker        54807                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadReq_accesses::cpu03.dtb.walker       607507                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadReq_accesses::cpu03.itb.walker       556266                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadReq_accesses::total            3989192                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      2799824                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      2799824                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks      5988524                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.WritebackClean_accesses::total      5988524                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.WriteClean_accesses::writebacks          251                       # number of WriteClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.WriteClean_accesses::total             251                       # number of WriteClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu00.data         4304                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu01.data          417                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu02.data         1274                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu03.data        14634                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           20629                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu00.data         1421                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu01.data           75                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu02.data         1043                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu03.data         3827                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          6366                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu00.data       395069                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu01.data          400                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu02.data        21642                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu03.data       640972                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadExReq_accesses::total          1058083                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu00.inst      3470049                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu01.inst         6548                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu02.inst       198828                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu03.inst      3325631                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       7001056                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu00.data      5911816                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu01.data         2541                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu02.data       105635                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu03.data      3858918                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      9878910                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu00.data         6454                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu02.data        11669                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu03.data       578671                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.InvalidateReq_accesses::total       596794                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu00.dtb.walker      2525459                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu00.itb.walker       230742                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu00.inst        3470049                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu00.data        6306885                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu01.dtb.walker          141                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu01.itb.walker         1365                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu01.inst           6548                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu01.data           2941                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu02.dtb.walker        12905                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu02.itb.walker        54807                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu02.inst         198828                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu02.data         127277                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu03.dtb.walker       607507                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu03.itb.walker       556266                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu03.inst        3325631                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::cpu03.data        4499890                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.demand_accesses::total            21927241                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu00.dtb.walker      2525459                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu00.itb.walker       230742                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu00.inst       3470049                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu00.data       6306885                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu01.dtb.walker          141                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu01.itb.walker         1365                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu01.inst          6548                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu01.data          2941                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu02.dtb.walker        12905                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu02.itb.walker        54807                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu02.inst        198828                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu02.data        127277                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu03.dtb.walker       607507                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu03.itb.walker       556266                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu03.inst       3325631                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::cpu03.data       4499890                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.overall_accesses::total           21927241                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l20.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu00.dtb.walker     0.006857                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l20.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu00.itb.walker     0.004702                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l20.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu01.dtb.walker     0.205674                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l20.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu01.itb.walker     0.035897                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l20.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu02.dtb.walker     0.022627                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l20.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu02.itb.walker     0.003193                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l20.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu03.dtb.walker     0.018209                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l20.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu03.itb.walker     0.003302                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l20.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.007983                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l20.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.763243                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l20.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.916067                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l20.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.694662                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l20.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.312150                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l20.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.442096                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.892329                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.880000                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.771812                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.557878                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l20.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.671379                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l20.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.057071                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l20.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.717500                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l20.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.386563                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l20.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.044922                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l20.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.056701                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.013067                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu01.inst     0.225718                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu02.inst     0.119249                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu03.inst     0.015342                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l20.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.017362                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.145176                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.529319                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.308231                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.256492                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l20.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.190501                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l20.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.736133                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l20.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.663382                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l20.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.986236                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l20.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.977218                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu00.dtb.walker     0.006857                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu00.itb.walker     0.004702                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu00.inst      0.013067                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu00.data      0.139657                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu01.dtb.walker     0.205674                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu01.itb.walker     0.035897                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu01.inst      0.225718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu01.data      0.554913                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu02.dtb.walker     0.022627                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu02.itb.walker     0.003193                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu02.inst      0.119249                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu02.data      0.321551                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu03.dtb.walker     0.018209                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu03.itb.walker     0.003302                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu03.inst      0.015342                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::cpu03.data      0.226356                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.demand_miss_rate::total           0.095558                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu00.dtb.walker     0.006857                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu00.itb.walker     0.004702                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.013067                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.139657                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu01.dtb.walker     0.205674                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu01.itb.walker     0.035897                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu01.inst     0.225718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.554913                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu02.dtb.walker     0.022627                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu02.itb.walker     0.003193                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu02.inst     0.119249                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.321551                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu03.dtb.walker     0.018209                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu03.itb.walker     0.003302                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu03.inst     0.015342                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.226356                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.overall_miss_rate::total          0.095558                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l20.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l20.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l20.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l20.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l20.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l20.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l20.writebacks::writebacks              796659                       # number of writebacks
system.l20.writebacks::total                   796659                       # number of writebacks
system.l20.replacements                       2680683                       # number of replacements
system.l21.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l21.tags.tagsinuse                13990.944375                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l21.tags.total_refs                    5952205                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l21.tags.sampled_refs                   267587                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l21.tags.avg_refs                    22.243999                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l21.tags.warmup_cycle             6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    1529.399518                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.dtb.walker   109.907831                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.itb.walker    93.553369                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst    4280.969992                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    5307.282434                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu05.dtb.walker     4.067844                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu05.itb.walker     7.335919                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst     773.290748                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    1280.943820                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.dtb.walker     0.127655                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.itb.walker    15.415033                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst      65.094629                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.data      31.940584                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.dtb.walker     2.177005                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.itb.walker     1.218172                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst     169.837434                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.data     318.382389                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::writebacks      0.093347                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.dtb.walker     0.006708                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.itb.walker     0.005710                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.inst      0.261290                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.data      0.323931                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu05.dtb.walker     0.000248                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu05.itb.walker     0.000448                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu05.inst      0.047198                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu05.data      0.078183                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.dtb.walker     0.000008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.itb.walker     0.000941                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.inst      0.003973                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.data      0.001949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.dtb.walker     0.000133                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.itb.walker     0.000074                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.inst      0.010366                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.data      0.019433                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_percent::total           0.853939                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l21.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          240                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l21.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        14922                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l21.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l21.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          239                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l21.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          164                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l21.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        14758                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l21.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.014648                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l21.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.910767                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l21.tags.tag_accesses                 12207925                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l21.tags.data_accesses                12207925                       # Number of data accesses
system.l21.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l21.ReadReq_hits::cpu04.dtb.walker       318548                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l21.ReadReq_hits::cpu04.itb.walker       578458                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l21.ReadReq_hits::cpu05.dtb.walker         3166                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l21.ReadReq_hits::cpu05.itb.walker         9552                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l21.ReadReq_hits::cpu06.dtb.walker          584                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l21.ReadReq_hits::cpu06.itb.walker         6252                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l21.ReadReq_hits::cpu07.dtb.walker         2010                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l21.ReadReq_hits::cpu07.itb.walker         5949                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l21.ReadReq_hits::total                 924519                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l21.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       341596                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l21.WritebackDirty_hits::total          341596                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l21.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks      1520825                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l21.WritebackClean_hits::total         1520825                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l21.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu04.data             96                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l21.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu05.data             40                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l21.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu06.data             16                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l21.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu07.data             15                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l21.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 167                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu04.data          112                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu05.data           61                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu06.data            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu07.data          112                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total               291                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l21.ReadExReq_hits::cpu04.data           90843                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l21.ReadExReq_hits::cpu05.data            3258                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l21.ReadExReq_hits::cpu06.data            1208                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l21.ReadExReq_hits::cpu07.data            2617                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l21.ReadExReq_hits::total                97926                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu04.inst      1825133                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu05.inst        36353                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu06.inst        19732                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu07.inst        27446                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_hits::total           1908664                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu04.data       474385                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu05.data        18502                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu06.data         7305                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu07.data        15030                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           515222                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l21.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu04.data        37481                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l21.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu05.data          527                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l21.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu06.data           57                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l21.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu07.data          160                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l21.InvalidateReq_hits::total            38225                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu04.dtb.walker       318548                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu04.itb.walker       578458                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu04.inst            1825133                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu04.data             565228                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu05.dtb.walker         3166                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu05.itb.walker         9552                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu05.inst              36353                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu05.data              21760                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu06.dtb.walker          584                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu06.itb.walker         6252                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu06.inst              19732                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu06.data               8513                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu07.dtb.walker         2010                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu07.itb.walker         5949                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu07.inst              27446                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::cpu07.data              17647                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.demand_hits::total                 3446331                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu04.dtb.walker       318548                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu04.itb.walker       578458                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu04.inst           1825133                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu04.data            565228                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu05.dtb.walker         3166                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu05.itb.walker         9552                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu05.inst             36353                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu05.data             21760                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu06.dtb.walker          584                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu06.itb.walker         6252                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu06.inst             19732                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu06.data              8513                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu07.dtb.walker         2010                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu07.itb.walker         5949                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu07.inst             27446                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::cpu07.data             17647                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.overall_hits::total                3446331                       # number of overall hits
system.l21.ReadReq_misses::cpu04.dtb.walker         1384                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l21.ReadReq_misses::cpu04.itb.walker          542                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l21.ReadReq_misses::cpu05.dtb.walker          112                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l21.ReadReq_misses::cpu05.itb.walker           73                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l21.ReadReq_misses::cpu06.dtb.walker           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l21.ReadReq_misses::cpu06.itb.walker           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l21.ReadReq_misses::cpu07.dtb.walker           76                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l21.ReadReq_misses::cpu07.itb.walker           67                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l21.ReadReq_misses::total                 2326                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l21.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu04.data        16790                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l21.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu05.data          611                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l21.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu06.data          167                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l21.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu07.data         1929                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l21.UpgradeReq_misses::total             19497                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu04.data        17289                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu05.data          418                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu06.data          419                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu07.data         1893                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           20019                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l21.ReadExReq_misses::cpu04.data         14426                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l21.ReadExReq_misses::cpu05.data          2988                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l21.ReadExReq_misses::cpu06.data          1122                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l21.ReadExReq_misses::cpu07.data          5732                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l21.ReadExReq_misses::total              24268                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu04.inst        50019                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu05.inst         7205                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu06.inst         2130                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu07.inst         3492                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_misses::total           62846                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu04.data        83956                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu05.data        10958                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu06.data         3382                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu07.data        10657                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         108953                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l21.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu04.data         5264                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l21.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu05.data         2965                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l21.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu06.data         1647                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l21.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu07.data         1088                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l21.InvalidateReq_misses::total          10964                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu04.dtb.walker         1384                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu04.itb.walker          542                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu04.inst            50019                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu04.data            98382                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu05.dtb.walker          112                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu05.itb.walker           73                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu05.inst             7205                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu05.data            13946                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu06.dtb.walker           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu06.itb.walker           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu06.inst             2130                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu06.data             4504                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu07.dtb.walker           76                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu07.itb.walker           67                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu07.inst             3492                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::cpu07.data            16389                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.demand_misses::total                198393                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu04.dtb.walker         1384                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu04.itb.walker          542                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu04.inst           50019                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu04.data           98382                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu05.dtb.walker          112                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu05.itb.walker           73                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu05.inst            7205                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu05.data           13946                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu06.dtb.walker           29                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu06.itb.walker           43                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu06.inst            2130                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu06.data            4504                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu07.dtb.walker           76                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu07.itb.walker           67                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu07.inst            3492                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::cpu07.data           16389                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.overall_misses::total               198393                       # number of overall misses
system.l21.ReadReq_accesses::cpu04.dtb.walker       319932                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadReq_accesses::cpu04.itb.walker       579000                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadReq_accesses::cpu05.dtb.walker         3278                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadReq_accesses::cpu05.itb.walker         9625                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadReq_accesses::cpu06.dtb.walker          613                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadReq_accesses::cpu06.itb.walker         6295                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadReq_accesses::cpu07.dtb.walker         2086                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadReq_accesses::cpu07.itb.walker         6016                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadReq_accesses::total             926845                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       341596                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       341596                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks      1520825                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.WritebackClean_accesses::total      1520825                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu04.data        16886                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu05.data          651                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu06.data          183                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu07.data         1944                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           19664                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu04.data        17401                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu05.data          479                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu06.data          425                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu07.data         2005                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         20310                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu04.data       105269                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu05.data         6246                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu06.data         2330                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu07.data         8349                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadExReq_accesses::total           122194                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu04.inst      1875152                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu05.inst        43558                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu06.inst        21862                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu07.inst        30938                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       1971510                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu04.data       558341                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu05.data        29460                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu06.data        10687                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu07.data        25687                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       624175                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu04.data        42745                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu05.data         3492                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu06.data         1704                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu07.data         1248                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.InvalidateReq_accesses::total        49189                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu04.dtb.walker       319932                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu04.itb.walker       579000                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu04.inst        1875152                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu04.data         663610                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu05.dtb.walker         3278                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu05.itb.walker         9625                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu05.inst          43558                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu05.data          35706                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu06.dtb.walker          613                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu06.itb.walker         6295                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu06.inst          21862                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu06.data          13017                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu07.dtb.walker         2086                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu07.itb.walker         6016                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu07.inst          30938                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::cpu07.data          34036                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.demand_accesses::total             3644724                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu04.dtb.walker       319932                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu04.itb.walker       579000                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu04.inst       1875152                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu04.data        663610                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu05.dtb.walker         3278                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu05.itb.walker         9625                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu05.inst         43558                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu05.data         35706                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu06.dtb.walker          613                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu06.itb.walker         6295                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu06.inst         21862                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu06.data         13017                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu07.dtb.walker         2086                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu07.itb.walker         6016                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu07.inst         30938                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::cpu07.data         34036                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.overall_accesses::total            3644724                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l21.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu04.dtb.walker     0.004326                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l21.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu04.itb.walker     0.000936                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l21.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu05.dtb.walker     0.034167                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l21.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu05.itb.walker     0.007584                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l21.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu06.dtb.walker     0.047308                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l21.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu06.itb.walker     0.006831                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l21.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu07.dtb.walker     0.036433                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l21.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu07.itb.walker     0.011137                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l21.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.002510                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l21.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.994315                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l21.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.938556                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l21.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.912568                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l21.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.992284                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l21.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.991507                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.993564                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.872651                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.985882                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.944140                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l21.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.985672                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l21.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.137039                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l21.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.478386                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l21.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.481545                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l21.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.686549                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l21.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.198602                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu04.inst     0.026675                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu05.inst     0.165412                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu06.inst     0.097429                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu07.inst     0.112871                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l21.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.031877                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.150367                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.371962                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.316459                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.414879                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l21.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.174555                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l21.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.123149                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l21.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.849084                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l21.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.966549                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l21.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.871795                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l21.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.222895                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu04.dtb.walker     0.004326                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu04.itb.walker     0.000936                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu04.inst      0.026675                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu04.data      0.148253                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu05.dtb.walker     0.034167                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu05.itb.walker     0.007584                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu05.inst      0.165412                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu05.data      0.390579                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu06.dtb.walker     0.047308                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu06.itb.walker     0.006831                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu06.inst      0.097429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu06.data      0.346009                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu07.dtb.walker     0.036433                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu07.itb.walker     0.011137                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu07.inst      0.112871                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::cpu07.data      0.481520                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.demand_miss_rate::total           0.054433                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu04.dtb.walker     0.004326                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu04.itb.walker     0.000936                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu04.inst     0.026675                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.148253                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu05.dtb.walker     0.034167                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu05.itb.walker     0.007584                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu05.inst     0.165412                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.390579                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu06.dtb.walker     0.047308                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu06.itb.walker     0.006831                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu06.inst     0.097429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.346009                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu07.dtb.walker     0.036433                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu07.itb.walker     0.011137                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu07.inst     0.112871                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.481520                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.overall_miss_rate::total          0.054433                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l21.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l21.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l21.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l21.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l21.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l21.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l21.writebacks::writebacks               35262                       # number of writebacks
system.l21.writebacks::total                    35262                       # number of writebacks
system.l21.replacements                        162483                       # number of replacements
system.l22.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l22.tags.tagsinuse                12454.259663                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l22.tags.total_refs                     265712                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l22.tags.sampled_refs                    49769                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l22.tags.avg_refs                     5.338906                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l22.tags.warmup_cycle             6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    2034.266846                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.dtb.walker    29.489283                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.itb.walker    43.787102                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst    2405.168256                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    3820.346190                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.dtb.walker     9.808683                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.itb.walker     4.468082                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst     573.975274                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    1636.918052                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.dtb.walker    13.404201                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.itb.walker     1.787227                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst     765.848994                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    1114.991472                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::writebacks      0.124162                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.dtb.walker     0.001800                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.itb.walker     0.002673                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.inst      0.146800                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.data      0.233175                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.dtb.walker     0.000599                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.itb.walker     0.000273                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.inst      0.035033                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.data      0.099910                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.dtb.walker     0.000818                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.itb.walker     0.000109                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.inst      0.046744                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.data      0.068054                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_percent::total           0.760148                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l22.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          115                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l22.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        13780                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l22.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          115                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l22.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        13780                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l22.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.007019                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l22.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.841064                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l22.tags.tag_accesses                   592775                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l22.tags.data_accesses                  592775                       # Number of data accesses
system.l22.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l22.ReadReq_hits::cpu08.dtb.walker         1612                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l22.ReadReq_hits::cpu08.itb.walker         7766                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l22.ReadReq_hits::cpu09.dtb.walker          946                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l22.ReadReq_hits::cpu09.itb.walker         2159                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l22.ReadReq_hits::cpu11.dtb.walker         1123                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l22.ReadReq_hits::cpu11.itb.walker         5470                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l22.ReadReq_hits::total                  19076                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l22.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        41003                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l22.WritebackDirty_hits::total           41003                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l22.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks        48895                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l22.WritebackClean_hits::total           48895                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l22.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu08.data             29                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l22.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu09.data             10                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l22.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu11.data             14                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l22.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  53                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu08.data           54                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu09.data           56                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu11.data           36                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total               146                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l22.ReadExReq_hits::cpu08.data            2202                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l22.ReadExReq_hits::cpu09.data             500                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l22.ReadExReq_hits::cpu11.data            1749                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l22.ReadExReq_hits::total                 4451                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu08.inst        24419                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu09.inst         6991                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu11.inst        18118                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_hits::total             49528                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu08.data        14767                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu09.data         5274                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu11.data        10645                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            30686                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l22.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu08.data          352                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l22.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu09.data            3                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l22.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu11.data          558                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l22.InvalidateReq_hits::total              913                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu08.dtb.walker         1612                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu08.itb.walker         7766                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu08.inst              24419                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu08.data              16969                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu09.dtb.walker          946                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu09.itb.walker         2159                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu09.inst               6991                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu09.data               5774                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu11.dtb.walker         1123                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu11.itb.walker         5470                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu11.inst              18118                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::cpu11.data              12394                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.demand_hits::total                  103741                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu08.dtb.walker         1612                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu08.itb.walker         7766                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu08.inst             24419                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu08.data             16969                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu09.dtb.walker          946                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu09.itb.walker         2159                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu09.inst              6991                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu09.data              5774                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu11.dtb.walker         1123                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu11.itb.walker         5470                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu11.inst             18118                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::cpu11.data             12394                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.overall_hits::total                 103741                       # number of overall hits
system.l22.ReadReq_misses::cpu08.dtb.walker           98                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l22.ReadReq_misses::cpu08.itb.walker          108                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l22.ReadReq_misses::cpu09.dtb.walker           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l22.ReadReq_misses::cpu09.itb.walker           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l22.ReadReq_misses::cpu11.dtb.walker           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l22.ReadReq_misses::cpu11.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l22.ReadReq_misses::total                  326                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l22.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu08.data          906                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l22.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu09.data          493                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l22.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu11.data          362                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l22.UpgradeReq_misses::total              1761                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu08.data         1058                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu09.data          622                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu11.data          604                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total            2284                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l22.ReadExReq_misses::cpu08.data          2797                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l22.ReadExReq_misses::cpu09.data          3579                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l22.ReadExReq_misses::cpu11.data          1859                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l22.ReadExReq_misses::total               8235                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu08.inst         6611                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu09.inst         2150                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu11.inst         3228                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_misses::total           11989                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu08.data        11068                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu09.data         5609                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu11.data         4865                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          21542                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l22.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu08.data         2411                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l22.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu09.data          653                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l22.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu11.data         2345                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l22.InvalidateReq_misses::total           5409                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu08.dtb.walker           98                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu08.itb.walker          108                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu08.inst             6611                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu08.data            13865                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu09.dtb.walker           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu09.itb.walker           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu09.inst             2150                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu09.data             9188                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu11.dtb.walker           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu11.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu11.inst             3228                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::cpu11.data             6724                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.demand_misses::total                 42092                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu08.dtb.walker           98                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu08.itb.walker          108                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu08.inst            6611                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu08.data           13865                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu09.dtb.walker           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu09.itb.walker           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu09.inst            2150                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu09.data            9188                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu11.dtb.walker           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu11.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu11.inst            3228                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::cpu11.data            6724                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.overall_misses::total                42092                       # number of overall misses
system.l22.ReadReq_accesses::cpu08.dtb.walker         1710                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadReq_accesses::cpu08.itb.walker         7874                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadReq_accesses::cpu09.dtb.walker          986                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadReq_accesses::cpu09.itb.walker         2198                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadReq_accesses::cpu11.dtb.walker         1157                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadReq_accesses::cpu11.itb.walker         5477                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadReq_accesses::total              19402                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        41003                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        41003                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks        48895                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.WritebackClean_accesses::total        48895                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu08.data          935                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu09.data          503                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu11.data          376                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            1814                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu08.data         1112                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu09.data          678                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu11.data          640                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          2430                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu08.data         4999                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu09.data         4079                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu11.data         3608                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadExReq_accesses::total            12686                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu08.inst        31030                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu09.inst         9141                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu11.inst        21346                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         61517                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu08.data        25835                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu09.data        10883                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu11.data        15510                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        52228                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu08.data         2763                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu09.data          656                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu11.data         2903                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.InvalidateReq_accesses::total         6322                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu08.dtb.walker         1710                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu08.itb.walker         7874                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu08.inst          31030                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu08.data          30834                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu09.dtb.walker          986                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu09.itb.walker         2198                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu09.inst           9141                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu09.data          14962                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu11.dtb.walker         1157                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu11.itb.walker         5477                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu11.inst          21346                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::cpu11.data          19118                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.demand_accesses::total              145833                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu08.dtb.walker         1710                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu08.itb.walker         7874                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu08.inst         31030                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu08.data         30834                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu09.dtb.walker          986                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu09.itb.walker         2198                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu09.inst          9141                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu09.data         14962                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu11.dtb.walker         1157                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu11.itb.walker         5477                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu11.inst         21346                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::cpu11.data         19118                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.overall_accesses::total             145833                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l22.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu08.dtb.walker     0.057310                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l22.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu08.itb.walker     0.013716                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l22.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu09.dtb.walker     0.040568                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l22.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu09.itb.walker     0.017743                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l22.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu11.dtb.walker     0.029386                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l22.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu11.itb.walker     0.001278                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l22.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.016802                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l22.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.968984                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l22.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.980119                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l22.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.962766                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l22.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.970783                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.951439                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.917404                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.943750                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l22.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.939918                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l22.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.559512                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l22.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.877421                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l22.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.515244                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l22.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.649141                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu08.inst     0.213052                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu09.inst     0.235204                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu11.inst     0.151223                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l22.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.194889                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.428411                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.515391                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.313669                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l22.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.412461                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l22.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.872602                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l22.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.995427                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l22.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.807785                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l22.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.855584                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu08.dtb.walker     0.057310                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu08.itb.walker     0.013716                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu08.inst      0.213052                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu08.data      0.449666                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu09.dtb.walker     0.040568                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu09.itb.walker     0.017743                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu09.inst      0.235204                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu09.data      0.614089                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu11.dtb.walker     0.029386                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu11.itb.walker     0.001278                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu11.inst      0.151223                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::cpu11.data      0.351710                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.demand_miss_rate::total           0.288632                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu08.dtb.walker     0.057310                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu08.itb.walker     0.013716                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu08.inst     0.213052                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.449666                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu09.dtb.walker     0.040568                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu09.itb.walker     0.017743                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu09.inst     0.235204                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.614089                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu11.dtb.walker     0.029386                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu11.itb.walker     0.001278                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu11.inst     0.151223                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.351710                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.overall_miss_rate::total          0.288632                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l22.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l22.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l22.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l22.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l22.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l22.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l22.writebacks::writebacks               10734                       # number of writebacks
system.l22.writebacks::total                    10734                       # number of writebacks
system.l22.replacements                         29901                       # number of replacements
system.l23.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l23.tags.tagsinuse                14589.706776                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l23.tags.total_refs                   20079115                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l23.tags.sampled_refs                   633145                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l23.tags.avg_refs                    31.713296                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l23.tags.warmup_cycle             6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    2201.599921                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.dtb.walker     1.127960                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.itb.walker     3.787145                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst     414.991979                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.data     361.970136                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.dtb.walker    44.514234                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.itb.walker    40.707472                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst    1571.969601                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    2003.040046                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.dtb.walker    28.186561                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.itb.walker    56.895667                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst    1927.063335                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    2160.360367                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.dtb.walker    35.244431                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.itb.walker    42.203394                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst    1758.234475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    1937.810052                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::writebacks      0.134375                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.dtb.walker     0.000069                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.itb.walker     0.000231                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.inst      0.025329                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.data      0.022093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.dtb.walker     0.002717                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.itb.walker     0.002485                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.inst      0.095945                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.data      0.122256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.dtb.walker     0.001720                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.itb.walker     0.003473                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.inst      0.117619                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.data      0.131858                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.dtb.walker     0.002151                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.itb.walker     0.002576                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.inst      0.107314                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.data      0.118275                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_percent::total           0.890485                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l23.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          279                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l23.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        15134                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l23.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l23.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::1           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l23.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          253                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l23.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           52                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l23.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          236                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l23.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        14846                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l23.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.017029                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l23.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.923706                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l23.tags.tag_accesses                 40880909                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l23.tags.data_accesses                40880909                       # Number of data accesses
system.l23.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l23.ReadReq_hits::cpu12.dtb.walker          958                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l23.ReadReq_hits::cpu12.itb.walker         4833                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l23.ReadReq_hits::cpu13.dtb.walker        56633                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l23.ReadReq_hits::cpu13.itb.walker       101798                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l23.ReadReq_hits::cpu14.dtb.walker       310241                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l23.ReadReq_hits::cpu14.itb.walker      1961070                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l23.ReadReq_hits::cpu15.dtb.walker        66721                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l23.ReadReq_hits::cpu15.itb.walker       137886                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l23.ReadReq_hits::total                2640140                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l23.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      1083838                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l23.WritebackDirty_hits::total         1083838                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l23.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks      6144084                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l23.WritebackClean_hits::total         6144084                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l23.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu12.data             38                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l23.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu13.data            406                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l23.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu14.data            759                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l23.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu15.data            704                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l23.UpgradeReq_hits::total                1907                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu12.data           42                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu13.data          460                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu14.data          445                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu15.data          649                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total              1596                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l23.ReadExReq_hits::cpu12.data            1881                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l23.ReadExReq_hits::cpu13.data           16807                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l23.ReadExReq_hits::cpu14.data          276470                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l23.ReadExReq_hits::cpu15.data           21297                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l23.ReadExReq_hits::total               316455                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu12.inst        16530                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu13.inst       306040                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu14.inst      6321979                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu15.inst       427042                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_hits::total           7071591                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu12.data         7726                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu13.data        76238                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu14.data      1257881                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu15.data       109222                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          1451067                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l23.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu12.data          173                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l23.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu13.data         6730                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l23.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu14.data        71494                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l23.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu15.data         8112                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l23.InvalidateReq_hits::total            86509                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu12.dtb.walker          958                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu12.itb.walker         4833                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu12.inst              16530                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu12.data               9607                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu13.dtb.walker        56633                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu13.itb.walker       101798                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu13.inst             306040                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu13.data              93045                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu14.dtb.walker       310241                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu14.itb.walker      1961070                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu14.inst            6321979                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu14.data            1534351                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu15.dtb.walker        66721                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu15.itb.walker       137886                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu15.inst             427042                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::cpu15.data             130519                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.demand_hits::total                11479253                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu12.dtb.walker          958                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu12.itb.walker         4833                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu12.inst             16530                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu12.data              9607                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu13.dtb.walker        56633                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu13.itb.walker       101798                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu13.inst            306040                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu13.data             93045                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu14.dtb.walker       310241                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu14.itb.walker      1961070                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu14.inst           6321979                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu14.data           1534351                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu15.dtb.walker        66721                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu15.itb.walker       137886                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu15.inst            427042                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::cpu15.data            130519                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.overall_hits::total               11479253                       # number of overall hits
system.l23.ReadReq_misses::cpu12.dtb.walker           61                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l23.ReadReq_misses::cpu12.itb.walker           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l23.ReadReq_misses::cpu13.dtb.walker          569                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l23.ReadReq_misses::cpu13.itb.walker          749                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l23.ReadReq_misses::cpu14.dtb.walker        11453                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l23.ReadReq_misses::cpu14.itb.walker         8917                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l23.ReadReq_misses::cpu15.dtb.walker         1033                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l23.ReadReq_misses::cpu15.itb.walker         1263                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l23.ReadReq_misses::total                24081                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l23.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu12.data          933                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l23.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu13.data         1146                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l23.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu14.data        13069                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l23.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu15.data         2342                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l23.UpgradeReq_misses::total             17490                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu12.data          629                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu13.data          670                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu14.data         9629                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu15.data         1811                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           12739                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l23.ReadExReq_misses::cpu12.data          1593                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l23.ReadExReq_misses::cpu13.data          4056                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l23.ReadExReq_misses::cpu14.data         32549                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l23.ReadExReq_misses::cpu15.data          5595                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l23.ReadExReq_misses::total              43793                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu12.inst         4190                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu13.inst        18155                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu14.inst       160312                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu15.inst        22996                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          205653                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu12.data         7085                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu13.data        16658                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu14.data       130518                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu15.data        22753                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         177014                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l23.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu12.data         1885                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l23.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu13.data         1270                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l23.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu14.data        23053                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l23.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu15.data         1743                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l23.InvalidateReq_misses::total          27951                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu12.dtb.walker           61                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu12.itb.walker           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu12.inst             4190                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu12.data             8678                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu13.dtb.walker          569                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu13.itb.walker          749                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu13.inst            18155                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu13.data            20714                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu14.dtb.walker        11453                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu14.itb.walker         8917                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu14.inst           160312                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu14.data           163067                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu15.dtb.walker         1033                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu15.itb.walker         1263                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu15.inst            22996                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::cpu15.data            28348                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.demand_misses::total                450541                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu12.dtb.walker           61                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu12.itb.walker           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu12.inst            4190                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu12.data            8678                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu13.dtb.walker          569                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu13.itb.walker          749                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu13.inst           18155                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu13.data           20714                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu14.dtb.walker        11453                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu14.itb.walker         8917                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu14.inst          160312                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu14.data          163067                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu15.dtb.walker         1033                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu15.itb.walker         1263                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu15.inst           22996                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::cpu15.data           28348                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.overall_misses::total               450541                       # number of overall misses
system.l23.ReadReq_accesses::cpu12.dtb.walker         1019                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadReq_accesses::cpu12.itb.walker         4869                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadReq_accesses::cpu13.dtb.walker        57202                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadReq_accesses::cpu13.itb.walker       102547                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadReq_accesses::cpu14.dtb.walker       321694                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadReq_accesses::cpu14.itb.walker      1969987                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadReq_accesses::cpu15.dtb.walker        67754                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadReq_accesses::cpu15.itb.walker       139149                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadReq_accesses::total            2664221                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      1083838                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      1083838                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks      6144084                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.WritebackClean_accesses::total      6144084                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu12.data          971                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu13.data         1552                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu14.data        13828                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu15.data         3046                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           19397                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu12.data          671                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu13.data         1130                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu14.data        10074                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu15.data         2460                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         14335                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu12.data         3474                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu13.data        20863                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu14.data       309019                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu15.data        26892                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadExReq_accesses::total           360248                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu12.inst        20720                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu13.inst       324195                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu14.inst      6482291                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu15.inst       450038                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       7277244                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu12.data        14811                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu13.data        92896                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu14.data      1388399                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu15.data       131975                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      1628081                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu12.data         2058                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu13.data         8000                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu14.data        94547                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu15.data         9855                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.InvalidateReq_accesses::total       114460                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu12.dtb.walker         1019                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu12.itb.walker         4869                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu12.inst          20720                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu12.data          18285                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu13.dtb.walker        57202                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu13.itb.walker       102547                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu13.inst         324195                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu13.data         113759                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu14.dtb.walker       321694                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu14.itb.walker      1969987                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu14.inst        6482291                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu14.data        1697418                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu15.dtb.walker        67754                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu15.itb.walker       139149                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu15.inst         450038                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::cpu15.data         158867                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.demand_accesses::total            11929794                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu12.dtb.walker         1019                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu12.itb.walker         4869                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu12.inst         20720                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu12.data         18285                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu13.dtb.walker        57202                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu13.itb.walker       102547                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu13.inst        324195                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu13.data        113759                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu14.dtb.walker       321694                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu14.itb.walker      1969987                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu14.inst       6482291                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu14.data       1697418                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu15.dtb.walker        67754                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu15.itb.walker       139149                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu15.inst        450038                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::cpu15.data        158867                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.overall_accesses::total           11929794                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l23.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu12.dtb.walker     0.059863                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l23.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu12.itb.walker     0.007394                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l23.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu13.dtb.walker     0.009947                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l23.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu13.itb.walker     0.007304                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l23.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu14.dtb.walker     0.035602                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l23.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu14.itb.walker     0.004526                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l23.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu15.dtb.walker     0.015246                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l23.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu15.itb.walker     0.009077                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l23.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.009039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l23.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.960865                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l23.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.738402                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l23.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.945111                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l23.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.768877                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l23.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.901686                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.937407                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.592920                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.955827                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.736179                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l23.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.888664                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l23.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.458549                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l23.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.194411                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l23.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.105330                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l23.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.208054                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l23.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.121563                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu12.inst     0.202220                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu13.inst     0.056000                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu14.inst     0.024731                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu15.inst     0.051098                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l23.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.028260                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.478361                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.179319                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.094006                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.172404                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l23.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.108726                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l23.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.915938                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l23.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.158750                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l23.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.243826                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l23.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.176865                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l23.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.244199                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu12.dtb.walker     0.059863                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu12.itb.walker     0.007394                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu12.inst      0.202220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu12.data      0.474597                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu13.dtb.walker     0.009947                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu13.itb.walker     0.007304                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu13.inst      0.056000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu13.data      0.182087                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu14.dtb.walker     0.035602                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu14.itb.walker     0.004526                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu14.inst      0.024731                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu14.data      0.096068                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu15.dtb.walker     0.015246                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu15.itb.walker     0.009077                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu15.inst      0.051098                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::cpu15.data      0.178439                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.demand_miss_rate::total           0.037766                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu12.dtb.walker     0.059863                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu12.itb.walker     0.007394                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu12.inst     0.202220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.474597                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu13.dtb.walker     0.009947                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu13.itb.walker     0.007304                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu13.inst     0.056000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.182087                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu14.dtb.walker     0.035602                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu14.itb.walker     0.004526                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu14.inst     0.024731                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.096068                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu15.dtb.walker     0.015246                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu15.itb.walker     0.009077                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu15.inst     0.051098                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.178439                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.overall_miss_rate::total          0.037766                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l23.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l23.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l23.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l23.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l23.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l23.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l23.writebacks::writebacks              103211                       # number of writebacks
system.l23.writebacks::total                   103211                       # number of writebacks
system.l23.replacements                        491679                       # number of replacements
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       6701519                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      3160816                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests       597686                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               24035                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            2675101                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq              17589                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp             17589                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       953066                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          2199910                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            77398                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          52416                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           90701                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            132855                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           132773                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       2651066                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        634808                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp       634754                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        24668                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total        24668                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l20.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        24942                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l20.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        34398                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l20.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      8011464                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l20.mem_side::total      8070804                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l21.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         1942                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l21.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        10744                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l21.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       626344                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l21.mem_side::total       639030                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l22.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio          456                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l22.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       130501                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l22.mem_side::total       130957                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l23.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        10766                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l23.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1417836                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l23.mem_side::total      1428602                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               10294061                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       524544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total       524544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l20.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        22827                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l20.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        68796                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l20.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    185044160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l20.mem_side::total    185135783                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l21.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         1327                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l21.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        21488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l21.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     14899456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l21.mem_side::total     14922271                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l22.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio          912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l22.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      3360448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l22.mem_side::total      3361360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l23.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        21532                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l23.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     35333312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l23.mem_side::total     35354844                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               239298802                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           3590167                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean             0.259129                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.685766                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                 3023426     84.21%     84.21% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                  339149      9.45%     93.66% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                   91608      2.55%     96.21% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::3                  135984      3.79%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::5                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             3590167                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.directResponses                       0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.membus.badaddr_responder.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.pci_host.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pci_ide.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.clock24MHz.voltage_domain.voltage     3.300000                       # Voltage in Volts
system.realview.clock24MHz.clock                41667                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.realview_io.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.dcc.osc_cpu.clock               16667                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.dcc.osc_ddr.clock               25000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.dcc.osc_hsbm.clock              25000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.dcc.osc_pxl.clock               42105                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.dcc.osc_smb.clock               20000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.dcc.osc_sys.clock               16667                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.energy_ctrl.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.ethernet.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAReads               0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAWrites              0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.postedSwi                  0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedSwi             nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalSwi                   0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxIdle               0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle          nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxIdle                0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOk                 0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOk            nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOk                  0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxDesc               0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc          nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxDesc                0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxOk                 0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxOk            nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxOk                  0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxIdle               0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle          nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxIdle                0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxDesc               0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc          nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxDesc                0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOrn                0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn           nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOrn                 0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTotal           nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.droppedPackets             0                       # number of packets dropped
system.realview.gic.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.generic_timer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.gicv2m.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.hdlcd.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.kmi0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.kmi1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.mcc.osc_clcd.clock              42105                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.mcc.osc_mcc.clock               20000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.mcc.osc_peripheral.clock        41667                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.mcc.osc_system_bus.clock        41667                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.rtc.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.uart0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.vgic.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.vio0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.vio1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.viopci.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests     38534709                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     19149993                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests      2206139                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops        169109                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       107404                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops        61705                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::ReadReq           4074450                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp         21008433                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq            12788                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp           12788                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      2799824                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean      6999011                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::WriteClean            251                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict        8735711                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          42046                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        14232                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         56278                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq         1061593                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp        1061593                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq      7001058                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      9932925                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::CleanSharedReq        11392                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::CleanSharedResp        11392                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::InvalidateReq       596908                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.trans_dist::InvalidateResp       596908                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu00.icache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side     10409635                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu00.dcache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side     19090413                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu00.itb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side       461532                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu00.dtb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side      5075546                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu01.icache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side        19133                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu01.dcache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side        10069                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu01.itb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side         2730                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu01.dtb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side          282                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu02.icache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side       595975                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu02.dcache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side       444370                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu02.itb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side       116358                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu02.dtb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side        34460                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu03.icache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side      9976384                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu03.dcache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side     15368466                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu03.itb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side      1121260                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu03.dtb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side      1302968                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_count::total             64029581                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu00.icache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side    444133504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu00.dcache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side    450305944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu00.itb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side      1846128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu00.dtb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side     20302184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu01.icache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side       805440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu01.dcache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side       269120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu01.itb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side        10920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu01.dtb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side         1128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu02.icache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side     25417344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu02.dcache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side     13705498                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu02.itb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side       465432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu02.dtb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side       137840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu03.icache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side    425648128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu03.dcache.mem_side::system.l20.cpu_side    418665013                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu03.itb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side      4485040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu03.dtb.walker.dma::system.l20.cpu_side      5211872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.pkt_size::total            1811410535                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.snoops                        2871859                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus0.snoopTraffic                 50986176                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples        25604458                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean           0.166416                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev          0.524458                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::0              22630148     88.38%     88.38% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::1               2135475      8.34%     96.72% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                401884      1.57%     98.29% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::3                426068      1.66%     99.96% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::4                 10883      0.04%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::5                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::6                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::7                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::8                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows             0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value             0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value             4                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.snoop_fanout::total          25604458                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus0.directResponses                     0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests      5578479                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      2441084                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests       875794                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops        169956                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       109707                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops        60249                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::ReadReq            935375                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp          3541456                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq             2320                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp            2320                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       341596                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean      1969462                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict         435015                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          19919                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        20556                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         40475                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq          122298                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp         122298                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq      1971510                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       634571                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::CleanSharedReq         2496                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::CleanSharedResp         2496                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        49204                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        49204                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu04.icache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side      5624944                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu04.dcache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side      2208002                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu04.itb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side      1160166                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu04.dtb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side       642534                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu05.icache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side       130162                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu05.dcache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side       120816                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu05.itb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side        19992                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu05.dtb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side         7966                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu06.icache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side        65074                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu06.dcache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side        44965                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu06.itb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side        13140                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu06.dtb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side         1838                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu07.icache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side        92302                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu07.dcache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side       113602                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu07.itb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side        12246                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu07.dtb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side         4822                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_count::total             10262571                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu04.icache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side    239986688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu04.dcache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side     61748303                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu04.itb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side      4640664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu04.dtb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side      2570136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu05.icache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side      5542656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu05.dcache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side      3787516                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu05.itb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side        79968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu05.dtb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side        31864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu06.icache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side      2765568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu06.dcache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side      1334176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu06.itb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side        52560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu06.dtb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side         7352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu07.icache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side      3927296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu07.dcache.mem_side::system.l21.cpu_side      3454580                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu07.itb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side        48984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu07.dtb.walker.dma::system.l21.cpu_side        19288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.pkt_size::total             329997599                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.snoops                         550483                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus1.snoopTraffic                  2256768                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples         4264704                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean           0.322428                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev          0.812655                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::0               3560366     83.48%     83.48% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                287388      6.74%     90.22% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                181048      4.25%     94.47% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::3                218030      5.11%     99.58% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::4                 17872      0.42%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::5                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::6                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::7                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::8                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows             0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value             0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value             4                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.snoop_fanout::total           4264704                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus1.directResponses                     0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus2.snoop_filter.tot_requests       272044                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       134204                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests        19783                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus2.snoop_filter.tot_snoops         67533                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        21219                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops        46314                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::ReadReq             22621                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::ReadResp           136816                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::WriteReq               73                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::WriteResp              73                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        41003                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::WritebackClean        59981                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::CleanEvict          27483                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           1852                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         2607                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          4459                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::ReadExReq           12742                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::ReadExResp          12742                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq        61517                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        52678                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         6363                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.trans_dist::InvalidateResp         6363                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu08.icache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side        92578                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu08.dcache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side       104509                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu08.itb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side        17702                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu08.dtb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side         5298                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu09.icache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side        26911                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu09.dcache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side        49125                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu09.itb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side         4504                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu09.dtb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side         2318                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu11.icache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side        63526                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu11.dcache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side        67792                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu11.itb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side        11702                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu11.dtb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side         3408                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_count::total               449373                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu08.icache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side      3939072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu08.dcache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side      3164856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu08.itb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side        70808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu08.dtb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side        21192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu09.icache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side      1137280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu09.dcache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side      1558080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu09.itb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side        18016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu09.dtb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side         9272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu11.icache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side      2699520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu11.dcache.mem_side::system.l22.cpu_side      2089048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu11.itb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side        46808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu11.dtb.walker.dma::system.l22.cpu_side        13632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.pkt_size::total              14767584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.snoops                         234249                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus2.snoopTraffic                   686976                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::samples          391100                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::mean           0.427502                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::stdev          0.881858                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::0                302163     77.26%     77.26% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::1                 36633      9.37%     86.63% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::2                 26349      6.74%     93.36% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::3                 25955      6.64%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::4                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::5                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::6                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::7                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::8                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::overflows             0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::min_value             0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::max_value             3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.snoop_fanout::total            391100                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus2.directResponses                     0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus3.snoop_filter.tot_requests     18818180                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      8746135                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests      2029844                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus3.snoop_filter.tot_snoops        237920                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       170344                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops        67576                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 9590591038919500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::ReadReq           2669263                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::ReadResp         11600632                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::WriteReq             2408                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::WriteResp            2408                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1083838                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::WritebackClean      7275196                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::CleanEvict        1004832                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          23700                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        19146                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         42846                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::ReadExReq          361059                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::ReadExResp         361059                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq      7277244                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      1654125                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::InvalidateReq       114611                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.trans_dist::InvalidateResp       114611                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu12.icache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side        61648                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu12.dcache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side        64584                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu12.itb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side        10266                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu12.dtb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side         2700                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu13.icache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side       972073                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu13.dcache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side       389878                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu13.itb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side       205094                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu13.dtb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side       114538                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu14.icache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side     19446361                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu14.dcache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side      5449854                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu14.itb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side      3939974                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu14.dtb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side       643388                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu15.icache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side      1349602                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu15.dcache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side       540402                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu15.itb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side       279502                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu15.dtb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side       137114                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_count::total             33606978                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu12.icache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side      2619392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu12.dcache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side      1873900                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu12.itb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side        41064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu12.dtb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side        10800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu13.icache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side     41464192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu13.dcache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side     11300952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu13.itb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side       820376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu13.dtb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side       458152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu14.icache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side    829700480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu14.dcache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side    169458792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu14.itb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side     15759896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu14.dtb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side      2573552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu15.icache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side     57572096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu15.dcache.mem_side::system.l23.cpu_side     15725296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu15.itb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side      1118008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu15.dtb.walker.dma::system.l23.cpu_side       548456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.pkt_size::total            1151045404                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.snoops                         744173                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus3.snoopTraffic                  6605504                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::samples        12821699                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::mean           0.216401                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::stdev          0.646944                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::0              11200452     87.36%     87.36% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::1                888861      6.93%     94.29% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::2                333078      2.60%     96.89% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::3                377616      2.95%     99.83% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::4                 21692      0.17%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::5                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::6                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::7                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::8                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::overflows             0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::min_value             0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::max_value             4                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.snoop_fanout::total          12821699                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus3.directResponses                     0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
