
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                              14882.837826                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                14882837826256000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               21629960881037000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                2395512                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  2656139                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                           4029041409295                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                5043852                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  3693.89                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  8848760795                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    9811486538                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           625                       # Clock period in ticks
system.bootmem.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu00.dtb.walker       105024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu00.itb.walker        68544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu00.inst       5255680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu00.data      74565184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu01.dtb.walker       110720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu01.itb.walker        46848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu01.inst       3491200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu01.data      12636928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu02.dtb.walker        32384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu02.itb.walker        18688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu02.inst       1963328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu02.data       3763008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu03.dtb.walker         8576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu03.itb.walker         6400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu03.inst        746880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu03.data        894912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu04.dtb.walker        32832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu04.itb.walker        18496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu04.inst       1566272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu04.data       2883584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu05.dtb.walker        24896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu05.itb.walker        21888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu05.inst       1554176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu05.data       3912064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu06.dtb.walker         9024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu06.itb.walker         6336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu06.inst        749568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu06.data        947328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu07.dtb.walker        35648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu07.itb.walker        28864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu07.inst       2302400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu07.data       4356480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu08.dtb.walker       715712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu08.itb.walker        39552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu08.inst       6201856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu08.data       7819840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu09.dtb.walker        25152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu09.itb.walker        12288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu09.inst       1637952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu09.data       2445376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu10.dtb.walker        21120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu10.itb.walker        20864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu10.inst       1029952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu10.data       1758400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu11.dtb.walker         8064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu11.itb.walker         5824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu11.inst        664832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu11.data        886400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu12.dtb.walker        30400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu12.itb.walker        29824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu12.inst       2004032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu12.data       6138304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu13.dtb.walker       272768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu13.itb.walker        33536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu13.inst       3446720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu13.data       3131456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu14.dtb.walker      3354240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu14.itb.walker      2448704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu14.inst      47176192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu14.data      39641152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu15.dtb.walker      3888896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu15.itb.walker       107840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu15.inst       8952384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu15.data     174231296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::pci_ide              128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          440345216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu00.inst      5255680                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu01.inst      3491200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu02.inst      1963328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu03.inst       746880                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu04.inst      1566272                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu05.inst      1554176                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu06.inst       749568                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu07.inst      2302400                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu08.inst      6201856                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu09.inst      1637952                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu10.inst      1029952                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu11.inst       664832                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu12.inst      2004032                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu13.inst      3446720                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu14.inst     47176192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu15.inst      8952384                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total      88743424                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks    189557056                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total       189557056                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu00.dtb.walker         1641                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu00.itb.walker         1071                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu00.inst          82120                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu00.data        1165081                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu01.dtb.walker         1730                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu01.itb.walker          732                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu01.inst          54550                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu01.data         197452                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu02.dtb.walker          506                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu02.itb.walker          292                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu02.inst          30677                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu02.data          58797                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu03.dtb.walker          134                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu03.itb.walker          100                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu03.inst          11670                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu03.data          13983                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu04.dtb.walker          513                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu04.itb.walker          289                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu04.inst          24473                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu04.data          45056                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu05.dtb.walker          389                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu05.itb.walker          342                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu05.inst          24284                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu05.data          61126                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu06.dtb.walker          141                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu06.itb.walker           99                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu06.inst          11712                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu06.data          14802                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu07.dtb.walker          557                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu07.itb.walker          451                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu07.inst          35975                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu07.data          68070                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu08.dtb.walker        11183                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu08.itb.walker          618                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu08.inst          96904                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu08.data         122185                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu09.dtb.walker          393                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu09.itb.walker          192                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu09.inst          25593                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu09.data          38209                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu10.dtb.walker          330                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu10.itb.walker          326                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu10.inst          16093                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu10.data          27475                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu11.dtb.walker          126                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu11.itb.walker           91                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu11.inst          10388                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu11.data          13850                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu12.dtb.walker          475                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu12.itb.walker          466                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu12.inst          31313                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu12.data          95911                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu13.dtb.walker         4262                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu13.itb.walker          524                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu13.inst          53855                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu13.data          48929                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu14.dtb.walker        52410                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu14.itb.walker        38261                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu14.inst         737128                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu14.data         619393                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu15.dtb.walker        60764                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu15.itb.walker         1685                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu15.inst         139881                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu15.data        2722364                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::pci_ide                 2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             6880394                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       2961829                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            2961829                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu00.dtb.walker            7                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu00.itb.walker            5                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu00.inst              353                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu00.data             5010                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu01.dtb.walker            7                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu01.itb.walker            3                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu01.inst              235                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu01.data              849                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu02.dtb.walker            2                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu02.itb.walker            1                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu02.inst              132                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu02.data              253                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu03.dtb.walker            1                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu03.inst               50                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu03.data               60                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu04.dtb.walker            2                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu04.itb.walker            1                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu04.inst              105                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu04.data              194                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu05.dtb.walker            2                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu05.itb.walker            1                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu05.inst              104                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu05.data              263                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu06.dtb.walker            1                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu06.inst               50                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu06.data               64                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu07.dtb.walker            2                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu07.itb.walker            2                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu07.inst              155                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu07.data              293                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu08.dtb.walker           48                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu08.itb.walker            3                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu08.inst              417                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu08.data              525                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu09.dtb.walker            2                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu09.itb.walker            1                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu09.inst              110                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu09.data              164                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu10.dtb.walker            1                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu10.itb.walker            1                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu10.inst               69                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu10.data              118                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu11.dtb.walker            1                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu11.inst               45                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu11.data               60                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu12.dtb.walker            2                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu12.itb.walker            2                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu12.inst              135                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu12.data              412                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu13.dtb.walker           18                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu13.itb.walker            2                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu13.inst              232                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu13.data              210                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu14.dtb.walker          225                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu14.itb.walker          165                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu14.inst             3170                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu14.data             2664                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu15.dtb.walker          261                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu15.itb.walker            7                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu15.inst              602                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu15.data            11707                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::pci_ide                   0                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total                 29587                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu00.inst          353                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu01.inst          235                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu02.inst          132                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu03.inst           50                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu04.inst          105                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu05.inst          104                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu06.inst           50                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu07.inst          155                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu08.inst          417                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu09.inst          110                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu10.inst           69                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu11.inst           45                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu12.inst          135                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu13.inst          232                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu14.inst         3170                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu15.inst          602                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total             5963                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks           12737                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total                12737                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks           12737                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu00.dtb.walker            7                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu00.itb.walker            5                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu00.inst             353                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu00.data            5010                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu01.dtb.walker            7                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu01.itb.walker            3                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu01.inst             235                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu01.data             849                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu02.dtb.walker            2                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu02.itb.walker            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu02.inst             132                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu02.data             253                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu03.dtb.walker            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu03.inst              50                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu03.data              60                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu04.dtb.walker            2                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu04.itb.walker            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu04.inst             105                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu04.data             194                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu05.dtb.walker            2                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu05.itb.walker            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu05.inst             104                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu05.data             263                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu06.dtb.walker            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu06.inst              50                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu06.data              64                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu07.dtb.walker            2                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu07.itb.walker            2                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu07.inst             155                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu07.data             293                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu08.dtb.walker           48                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu08.itb.walker            3                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu08.inst             417                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu08.data             525                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu09.dtb.walker            2                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu09.itb.walker            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu09.inst             110                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu09.data             164                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu10.dtb.walker            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu10.itb.walker            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu10.inst              69                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu10.data             118                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu11.dtb.walker            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu11.inst              45                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu11.data              60                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu12.dtb.walker            2                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu12.itb.walker            2                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu12.inst             135                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu12.data             412                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu13.dtb.walker           18                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu13.itb.walker            2                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu13.inst             232                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu13.data             210                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu14.dtb.walker          225                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu14.itb.walker          165                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu14.inst            3170                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu14.data            2664                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu15.dtb.walker          261                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu15.itb.walker            7                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu15.inst             602                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu15.data           11707                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::pci_ide                  0                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total                42324                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                           0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                          0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                       0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                       0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                    0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::16                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::17                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::18                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::19                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::20                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::21                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::22                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::23                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::24                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::25                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::26                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::27                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::28                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::29                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::30                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::31                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::16                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::17                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::18                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::19                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::20                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::21                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::22                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::23                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::24                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::25                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::26                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::27                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::28                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::29                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::30                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::31                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                             0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::64                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::65                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::66                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::67                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::68                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::69                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::70                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::71                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::72                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::73                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::74                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::75                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::76                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::77                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::78                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::79                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::80                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::81                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::82                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::83                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::84                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::85                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::86                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::87                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::88                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::89                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::90                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::91                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::92                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::93                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::94                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::95                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::96                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::97                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::98                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::99                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::100                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::101                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::102                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::103                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::104                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::105                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::106                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::107                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::108                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::109                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::110                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::111                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::112                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::113                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::114                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::115                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::116                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::117                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::118                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::119                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::120                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::121                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::122                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::123                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::124                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::125                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::126                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::127                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                            0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat                       0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                          nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                        nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                     nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                         0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      19207.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                       0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                           nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                      nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         2428879133244962                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           2428879133244962                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            163.200000                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime                    0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 21629960881037000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         2428879133244962                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           2428879133244962                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            163.200000                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime                    0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 21629960881037000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.preBackEnergy         2428879133244962                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.actPowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.prePowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.totalEnergy           2428879133244962                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.averagePower            163.200000                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_2.totalIdleTime                    0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::IDLE 21629960881037000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.preBackEnergy         2428879133244962                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.actPowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.prePowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.totalEnergy           2428879133244962                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.averagePower            163.200000                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_3.totalIdleTime                    0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::IDLE 21629960881037000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cf0.dma_read_full_pages                     32                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_bytes                      131072                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_txs                            32                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_write_full_pages                  8325                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_bytes                   34099200                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_txs                         8325                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walks                  147152                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walksLong              147152                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples       147152                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0        147152    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total       147152                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples     15751648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walksPending::0      15751648    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walksPending::total     15751648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K       144626     98.33%     98.33% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M         2310      1.57%     99.90% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G          145      0.10%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total       147081                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data       147152                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total       147152                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data       147081                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total       147081                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total       294233                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                   20949324                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                   140400                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                  19695838                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                    6752                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10672                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    75                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                    691                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                 7014                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                     308                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses               21089724                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses              19702590                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                        40645162                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                        147152                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                    40792314                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walks                  270894                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walksLong              270894                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples       270894                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0        270894    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total       270894                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walksPending::samples     15775648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walksPending::0      15775648    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walksPending::total     15775648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K       268489     99.13%     99.13% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M         2368      0.87%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total       270857                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst       270894                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total       270894                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst       270857                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total       270857                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total       541751                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                  100110904                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                   270894                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10672                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    75                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                    406                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses              100381798                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                       100110904                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                        270894                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                   100381798                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numPwrStateTransitions              6905                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         3453                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   4310099992758.394531                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  14618977703483.250000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          606     17.55%     17.55% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         2423     70.17%     87.72% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::1e+11-1.5e+11            1      0.03%     87.75% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::1.5e+11-2e+11            1      0.03%     87.78% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::2.5e+11-3e+11            2      0.06%     87.84% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::4e+11-4.5e+11            1      0.03%     87.87% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::4.5e+11-5e+11            2      0.06%     87.92% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::5e+11-5.5e+11            2      0.06%     87.98% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::5.5e+11-6e+11            1      0.03%     88.01% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::6e+11-6.5e+11            1      0.03%     88.04% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::6.5e+11-7e+11            1      0.03%     88.07% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::7e+11-7.5e+11            1      0.03%     88.10% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::8e+11-8.5e+11            1      0.03%     88.13% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::9e+11-9.5e+11            1      0.03%     88.16% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::9.5e+11-1e+12            1      0.03%     88.18% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows          408     11.82%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 79871113150944                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::total          3453                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   62551261168                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 14882775274994736                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.numCycles                   43165267481959                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu00.kern.inst.quiesce                   3453                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                 100372213                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                   125095056                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.committedUserInsts              28845668                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses           115590652                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_vec_alu_accesses             1389397                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                   6827118                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts     13088369                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                  115590652                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_vec_insts                    1389397                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads         164887574                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes         92062811                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_vec_register_reads           2019967                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu00.num_vec_register_writes          1228470                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu00.num_cc_register_reads           40618069                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu00.num_cc_register_writes          25643095                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                    40696837                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                  20996881                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                 19699956                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles             43165086062157.242188                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles             181419801.755453                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction               0.000004                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                   0.999996                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.Branches                        21015420                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu00.op_class::No_OpClass               59961      0.05%      0.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IntAlu                83010081     66.35%     66.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IntMult                 203626      0.16%     66.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IntDiv                   63015      0.05%     66.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     66.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     66.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     66.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     66.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     66.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     66.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     66.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     66.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAdd                 200880      0.16%     66.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     66.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAlu                 428835      0.34%     67.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdCmp                 239844      0.19%     67.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     67.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdMisc                201482      0.16%     67.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     67.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     67.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     67.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     67.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     67.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     67.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     67.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     67.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     67.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     67.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatMisc               43      0.00%     67.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     67.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     67.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     67.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead               20996881     16.78%     84.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite              19699956     15.75%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::total                125104604                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         483.962647                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.total_refs          40769069                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         2211311                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.avg_refs           18.436606                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   483.962647                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.945240                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.945240                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          478                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          478                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.933594                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        83752777                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.data_accesses       83752777                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu00.data     19174571                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      19174571                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu00.data     18603458                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     18603458                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu00.data       173748                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total       173748                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu00.data        10785                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total        10785                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu00.data       279588                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       279588                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu00.data       261461                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       261461                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::cpu00.data     37788814                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total       37788814                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::cpu00.data     37962562                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total      37962562                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu00.data      1410481                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1410481                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu00.data       734951                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       734951                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu00.data        31545                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        31545                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu00.data        56731                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        56731                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu00.data         7065                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         7065                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu00.data        24685                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        24685                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::cpu00.data      2202163                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total      2202163                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::cpu00.data      2233708                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total      2233708                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu00.data     20585052                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     20585052                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu00.data     19338409                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     19338409                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu00.data       205293                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total       205293                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu00.data        67516                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        67516                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu00.data       286653                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       286653                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu00.data       286146                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       286146                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu00.data     39990977                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total     39990977                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu00.data     40196270                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total     40196270                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.068520                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.068520                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.038005                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.038005                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.153658                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.153658                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.840260                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.840260                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.024647                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.024647                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.086267                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.086267                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.055066                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.055066                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.055570                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.055570                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      1019948                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total         1019948                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements              2164178                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.icache.tags.tagsinuse         511.999997                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.tags.total_refs         100381761                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.tags.sampled_refs         2617510                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.tags.avg_refs           38.350096                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst   511.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu00.icache.tags.tag_accesses       203381032                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu00.icache.tags.data_accesses      203381032                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu00.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu00.inst     97764251                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      97764251                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::cpu00.inst     97764251                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total       97764251                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::cpu00.inst     97764251                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total      97764251                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu00.inst      2617510                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      2617510                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::cpu00.inst      2617510                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total      2617510                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::cpu00.inst      2617510                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total      2617510                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu00.inst    100381761                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    100381761                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::cpu00.inst    100381761                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total    100381761                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::cpu00.inst    100381761                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total    100381761                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.026076                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.026076                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.026076                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.026076                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.026076                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.026076                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.writebacks::writebacks      2616998                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.icache.writebacks::total         2616998                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.icache.replacements              2616998                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walks                   58662                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walksLong               58662                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        58662                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         58662    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        58662                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples     15753148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walksPending::0      15753148    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walksPending::total     15753148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        49816     99.26%     99.26% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          197      0.39%     99.65% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G          174      0.35%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        50187                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        58662                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        58662                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        50187                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        50187                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total       108849                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                  363886757                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                    40978                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                 358025027                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                   17684                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10672                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    75                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                   2142                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                 1100                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                     569                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses              363927735                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses             358042711                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                       721911784                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                         58662                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                   721970446                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walks                   65615                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walksLong               65615                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        65615                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         65615    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        65615                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walksPending::samples     15777148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walksPending::0      15777148    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walksPending::total     15777148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        64884     99.50%     99.50% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          326      0.50%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        65210                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        65615                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        65615                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        65210                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        65210                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total       130825                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                 6713046865                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                    65615                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10672                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    75                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                   1830                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses             6713112480                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                      6713046865                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                         65615                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                  6713112480                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numPwrStateTransitions              1153                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          577                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   25787163688722.230469                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  133065607311050.468750                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          242     41.94%     41.94% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10          193     33.45%     75.39% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::2.5e+11-3e+11            1      0.17%     75.56% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::9e+11-9.5e+11            1      0.17%     75.74% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows          140     24.26%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 3081840793895000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           577                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  3644377863271                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 14879193448392728                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.numCycles                   29632451828716                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu01.kern.inst.quiesce                    577                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                6713101603                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                  7288745055                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.committedUserInsts            6671529595                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses          6591125352                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                   32                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_vec_alu_accesses               77348                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                 461098654                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts    743153714                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                 6591125352                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                          32                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_vec_insts                      77348                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads        9447607089                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes       4571670492                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                 32                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_vec_register_reads             92182                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu01.num_vec_register_writes            47030                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu01.num_cc_register_reads        21674052688                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu01.num_cc_register_writes        4681858497                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                   744764841                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                 387293887                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                357470954                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles             29625195695662.632812                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles             7256133053.368345                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction               0.000245                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                   0.999755                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.Branches                      1186440083                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu01.op_class::No_OpClass                2132      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IntAlu              6477725986     88.87%     88.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IntMult               61645395      0.85%     89.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IntDiv                   37834      0.00%     89.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     89.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     89.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     89.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     89.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     89.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     89.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMisc                    6      0.00%     89.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     89.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAdd                   6538      0.00%     89.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     89.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAlu                  13735      0.00%     89.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdCmp                   8528      0.00%     89.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     89.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdMisc                  6537      0.00%     89.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     89.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     89.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     89.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     89.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     89.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     89.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     89.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     89.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     89.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     89.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatMisc          4543995      0.06%     89.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     89.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     89.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     89.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead              387293887      5.31%     95.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite             357470922      4.90%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMemWrite               32      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::total               7288755527                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         420.992590                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.total_refs         721946099                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         1289944                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.avg_refs          559.672435                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054782000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.data   420.992590                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.822251                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.822251                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          415                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          415                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.810547                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.tag_accesses      1445196350                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.data_accesses     1445196350                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu01.data    362383220                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total     362383220                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu01.data    356653324                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total    356653324                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu01.data       178009                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total       178009                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu01.data         2557                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         2557                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu01.data       710410                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       710410                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu01.data       701304                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       701304                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::cpu01.data    719039101                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total      719039101                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::cpu01.data    719217110                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total     719217110                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu01.data       636344                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       636344                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu01.data       161420                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       161420                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu01.data        12256                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        12256                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu01.data       494672                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total       494672                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu01.data         1846                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1846                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu01.data        10737                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        10737                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::cpu01.data      1292436                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total      1292436                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::cpu01.data      1304692                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total      1304692                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu01.data    363019564                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    363019564                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu01.data    356814744                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    356814744                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu01.data       190265                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total       190265                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu01.data       497229                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total       497229                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu01.data       712256                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       712256                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu01.data       712041                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       712041                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu01.data    720331537                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total    720331537                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu01.data    720521802                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total    720521802                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.001753                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001753                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.000452                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000452                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.064415                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.064415                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.994858                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.994858                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.002592                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.002592                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.015079                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.015079                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.001794                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001794                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.001811                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001811                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       993187                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total          993187                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements              1278846                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.icache.tags.tagsinuse         511.963406                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.tags.total_refs        6713112075                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.tags.sampled_refs         1013285                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.tags.avg_refs         6625.097653                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054781500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst   511.963406                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.999929                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999929                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu01.icache.tags.tag_accesses     13427237435                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu01.icache.tags.data_accesses    13427237435                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu01.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu01.inst   6712098790                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total    6712098790                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::cpu01.inst   6712098790                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total     6712098790                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::cpu01.inst   6712098790                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total    6712098790                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu01.inst      1013285                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      1013285                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::cpu01.inst      1013285                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total      1013285                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::cpu01.inst      1013285                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total      1013285                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu01.inst   6713112075                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   6713112075                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::cpu01.inst   6713112075                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total   6713112075                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::cpu01.inst   6713112075                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total   6713112075                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu01.inst     0.000151                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000151                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu01.inst     0.000151                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000151                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu01.inst     0.000151                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000151                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.writebacks::writebacks      1012773                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.icache.writebacks::total         1012773                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.icache.replacements              1012773                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walks                   13135                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walksLong               13135                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        13135                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         13135    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        13135                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples  -1951828340                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walksPending::0   -1951828340    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walksPending::total  -1951828340                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        11411     98.42%     98.42% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          146      1.26%     99.68% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G           37      0.32%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        11594                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        13135                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        13135                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        11594                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        11594                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        24729                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                    4727815                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                    12224                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                   2844271                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                     911                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10672                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    75                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                    459                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                  237                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                     187                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                4740039                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses               2845182                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                         7572086                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                         13135                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                     7585221                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walks                   20615                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walksLong               20615                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        20615                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         20615    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        20615                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walksPending::samples  -1951522340                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walksPending::0   -1951522340    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walksPending::total  -1951522340                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        20369     99.69%     99.69% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           64      0.31%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        20433                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        20615                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        20615                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        20433                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        20433                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        41048                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                   21073640                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                    20615                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10672                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    75                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                    192                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses               21094255                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                        21073640                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                         20615                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                    21094255                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numPwrStateTransitions               707                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          354                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   40845567746699.851562                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  602814942447478.125000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          170     48.02%     48.02% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10          176     49.72%     97.74% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::2.5e+11-3e+11            2      0.56%     98.31% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::9e+11-9.5e+11            1      0.28%     98.59% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows            5      1.41%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 10737131495354500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           354                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  423506843924252                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 14459330982331748                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.numCycles                   21785658771719                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu02.kern.inst.quiesce                    354                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                  21091242                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                    24398574                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.committedUserInsts              10631523                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses            22198110                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_vec_alu_accesses               58541                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                    926862                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts      3977477                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                   22198110                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_vec_insts                      58541                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads          30403098                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes         17637824                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_vec_register_reads             77885                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu02.num_vec_register_writes            45610                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu02.num_cc_register_reads            6853641                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu02.num_cc_register_writes           6782352                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                     7569407                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                   4725558                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                  2843849                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles             21785640912164.855469                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles             17859554.145747                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction               0.000001                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                   0.999999                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.Branches                         5105592                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu02.op_class::No_OpClass                2157      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IntAlu                16744187     68.62%     68.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IntMult                  40393      0.17%     68.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IntDiv                    7973      0.03%     68.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatAdd                     5      0.00%     68.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     68.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatCvt                     5      0.00%     68.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMult                    1      0.00%     68.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     68.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatDiv                     2      0.00%     68.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMisc                    6      0.00%     68.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     68.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAdd                   7141      0.03%     68.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     68.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAlu                  14543      0.06%     68.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdCmp                   8628      0.04%     68.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     68.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdMisc                  6957      0.03%     68.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     68.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     68.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     68.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     68.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     68.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     68.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     68.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     68.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     68.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     68.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     68.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     68.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     68.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     68.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                4725558     19.37%     88.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite               2843849     11.65%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::total                 24401405                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         431.046716                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.total_refs           7581703                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          218807                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.avg_refs           34.650185                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    7170617697984500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.data   431.046716                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.841888                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.841888                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          450                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          450                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.878906                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        15384531                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.data_accesses       15384531                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu02.data      4413899                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       4413899                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu02.data      2699092                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      2699092                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu02.data        64727                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        64727                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu02.data         2316                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         2316                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu02.data        89018                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        89018                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu02.data        85000                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        85000                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::cpu02.data      7115307                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total        7115307                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::cpu02.data      7180034                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total       7180034                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu02.data       165514                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       165514                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu02.data        36688                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        36688                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu02.data         4186                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         4186                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu02.data        15469                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        15469                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu02.data          967                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          967                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu02.data         4770                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         4770                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::cpu02.data       217671                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total       217671                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::cpu02.data       221857                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total       221857                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu02.data      4579413                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      4579413                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu02.data      2735780                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      2735780                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu02.data        68913                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        68913                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu02.data        17785                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        17785                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu02.data        89985                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        89985                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu02.data        89770                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        89770                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu02.data      7332978                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total      7332978                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu02.data      7401891                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total      7401891                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.036143                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.036143                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.013410                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.013410                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.060743                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.060743                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.869778                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.869778                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.010746                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.010746                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.053136                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.053136                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.029684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.029684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.029973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.029973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       114388                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total          114388                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements               214857                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.icache.tags.tagsinuse         497.430918                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.tags.total_refs          21094073                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.tags.sampled_refs          223191                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.tags.avg_refs           94.511306                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    7170617697979500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   497.430918                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.971545                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.971545                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu02.icache.tags.tag_accesses        42411337                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu02.icache.tags.data_accesses       42411337                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu02.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu02.inst     20870882                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      20870882                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::cpu02.inst     20870882                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total       20870882                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::cpu02.inst     20870882                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total      20870882                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu02.inst       223191                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       223191                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::cpu02.inst       223191                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total       223191                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::cpu02.inst       223191                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total       223191                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu02.inst     21094073                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     21094073                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::cpu02.inst     21094073                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total     21094073                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::cpu02.inst     21094073                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total     21094073                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu02.inst     0.010581                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010581                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu02.inst     0.010581                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.010581                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu02.inst     0.010581                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.010581                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.writebacks::writebacks       222679                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.icache.writebacks::total          222679                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.icache.replacements               222679                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walks                    1359                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walksLong                1359                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples         1359                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0          1359    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total         1359                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples    257532160                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walksPending::0     257532160    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walksPending::total    257532160                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K         1214     98.30%     98.30% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           18      1.46%     99.76% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G            3      0.24%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total         1235                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data         1359                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total         1359                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data         1235                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total         1235                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total         2594                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                     854595                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                     1146                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                    662118                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                     213                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10672                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    75                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                     99                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                  125                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                      44                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                 855741                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                662331                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                         1516713                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                          1359                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                     1518072                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walks                    5806                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walksLong                5806                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples         5806                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0          5806    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total         5806                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walksPending::samples    207985160                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walksPending::0     207985160    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walksPending::total    207985160                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K         5740     99.74%     99.74% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           15      0.26%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total         5755                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst         5806                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total         5806                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst         5755                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total         5755                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        11561                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                    3973251                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                     5806                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10672                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    75                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                     58                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                3979057                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                         3973251                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                          5806                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                     3979057                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numPwrStateTransitions               275                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          138                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   107846633978172.171875                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  965268827193106.125000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows           69     50.00%     50.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           63     45.65%     95.65% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::5e+10-1e+11            1      0.72%     96.38% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::4e+11-4.5e+11            1      0.72%     97.10% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows            4      2.90%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 10738063474481000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           138                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    2337268240                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 14882835488987760                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.numCycles                   21783794813250                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu03.kern.inst.quiesce                    138                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                   3978581                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                     4674091                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.committedUserInsts                984568                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses             4298267                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_vec_alu_accesses                7043                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                    225045                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts       610913                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                    4298267                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_vec_insts                       7043                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads           6050750                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes          3435319                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_vec_register_reads              7363                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu03.num_vec_register_writes             3747                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu03.num_cc_register_reads            1108543                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu03.num_cc_register_writes           1105018                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                     1515208                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                    852999                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                   662209                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles             21783791392238.867188                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles             3421011.135115                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction               0.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                   1.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.Branches                          874779                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu03.op_class::No_OpClass                 152      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IntAlu                 3146107     67.30%     67.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IntMult                   9251      0.20%     67.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IntDiv                    1476      0.03%     67.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     67.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatCmp                     1      0.00%     67.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatCvt                     2      0.00%     67.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     67.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     67.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatDiv                     1      0.00%     67.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     67.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     67.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAdd                    414      0.01%     67.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     67.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAlu                    856      0.02%     67.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdCmp                    608      0.01%     67.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     67.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdMisc                   440      0.01%     67.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     67.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     67.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     67.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     67.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     67.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     67.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     67.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     67.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     67.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     67.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     67.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     67.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     67.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     67.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                 852999     18.25%     85.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite                662209     14.17%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::total                  4674516                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         351.269645                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.total_refs           1515642                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           52831                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.avg_refs           28.688497                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   351.269645                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.686074                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.686074                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          361                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          361                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.705078                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         3087955                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.data_accesses        3087955                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu03.data       778722                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        778722                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu03.data       624134                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       624134                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu03.data        16424                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        16424                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu03.data          428                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total          428                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu03.data        20840                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        20840                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu03.data        19703                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        19703                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::cpu03.data      1403284                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total        1403284                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::cpu03.data      1419708                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total       1419708                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu03.data        38117                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        38117                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu03.data         9859                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         9859                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu03.data         1121                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         1121                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu03.data         4712                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total         4712                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu03.data          253                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          253                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu03.data         1329                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         1329                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::cpu03.data        52688                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total        52688                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::cpu03.data        53809                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total        53809                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu03.data       816839                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       816839                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu03.data       633993                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       633993                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu03.data        17545                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        17545                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu03.data         5140                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total         5140                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu03.data        21093                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        21093                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu03.data        21032                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        21032                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu03.data      1455972                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1455972                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu03.data      1473517                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1473517                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.046664                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.046664                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.015551                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.015551                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.063893                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.063893                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.916732                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.916732                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.011995                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.011995                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.063189                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.063189                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.036188                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.036188                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.036517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.036517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        28008                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total           28008                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                50468                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.icache.tags.tagsinuse         502.894276                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.tags.total_refs           3979006                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.tags.sampled_refs           66237                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.tags.avg_refs           60.072256                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst   502.894276                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.982215                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.982215                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu03.icache.tags.tag_accesses         8024249                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu03.icache.tags.data_accesses        8024249                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu03.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu03.inst      3912769                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       3912769                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::cpu03.inst      3912769                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total        3912769                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::cpu03.inst      3912769                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total       3912769                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu03.inst        66237                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        66237                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::cpu03.inst        66237                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total        66237                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::cpu03.inst        66237                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total        66237                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu03.inst      3979006                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3979006                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::cpu03.inst      3979006                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total      3979006                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::cpu03.inst      3979006                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total      3979006                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu03.inst     0.016647                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016647                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu03.inst     0.016647                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016647                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu03.inst     0.016647                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016647                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.writebacks::writebacks        65725                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.icache.writebacks::total           65725                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                65725                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walks                   16485                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walksLong               16485                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        16485                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         16485    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        16485                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples     15751648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walksPending::0      15751648    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walksPending::total     15751648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        15462     98.50%     98.50% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          208      1.33%     99.83% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G           27      0.17%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        15697                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        16485                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        16485                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        15697                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        15697                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        32182                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                    4197004                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                    15428                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                   2734259                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                    1057                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10672                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    75                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                    799                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                  450                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                     201                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                4212432                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses               2735316                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                         6931263                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                         16485                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                     6947748                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walks                   28003                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walksLong               28003                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        28003                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         28003    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        28003                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walksPending::samples     15759148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walksPending::0      15759148    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walksPending::total     15759148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        27693     99.30%     99.30% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          196      0.70%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        27889                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        28003                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        28003                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        27889                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        27889                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        55892                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                   18844842                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                    28003                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10672                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    75                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                    633                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses               18872845                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                        18844842                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                         28003                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                    18872845                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numPwrStateTransitions               863                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          432                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   34450988014141.257812                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  543856446854586.750000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          155     35.88%     35.88% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10          256     59.26%     95.14% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::3e+11-3.5e+11            1      0.23%     95.37% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::4e+11-4.5e+11            1      0.23%     95.60% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::9e+11-9.5e+11            1      0.23%     95.83% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows           18      4.17%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 10737131494574500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           432                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   11004146976                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 14882826822109024                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.numCycles                   21785658773357                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu04.kern.inst.quiesce                    432                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                  18870587                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                    22006231                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.committedUserInsts               9574330                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses            20158010                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_vec_alu_accesses              131994                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                    926973                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts      3234714                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                   20158010                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_vec_insts                     131994                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads          27631516                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes         16010281                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_vec_register_reads            185640                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu04.num_vec_register_writes           112186                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu04.num_cc_register_reads            5534682                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu04.num_cc_register_writes           5455341                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                     6936532                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                   4202067                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                  2734465                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles             21785642665382.429688                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles             16107974.571320                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction               0.000001                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                   0.999999                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.Branches                         4376050                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu04.op_class::No_OpClass                5487      0.02%      0.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IntAlu                14923159     67.81%     67.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IntMult                  38717      0.18%     68.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IntDiv                    9016      0.04%     68.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     68.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     68.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     68.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     68.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     68.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     68.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMisc                    2      0.00%     68.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     68.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAdd                  17770      0.08%     68.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     68.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAlu                  37707      0.17%     68.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdCmp                  21948      0.10%     68.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     68.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdMisc                 18037      0.08%     68.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     68.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     68.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     68.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     68.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     68.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     68.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     68.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     68.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     68.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     68.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     68.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     68.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     68.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     68.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                4202067     19.09%     87.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite               2734465     12.42%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::total                 22008375                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         403.947915                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.total_refs           6945983                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          201013                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.avg_refs           34.554894                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.data   403.947915                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.788961                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.788961                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          414                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          414                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.808594                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        14092979                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.data_accesses       14092979                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu04.data      3937344                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3937344                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu04.data      2607983                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      2607983                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu04.data        48722                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        48722                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu04.data         1532                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         1532                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu04.data        72104                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        72104                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu04.data        67035                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        67035                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::cpu04.data      6546859                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total        6546859                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::cpu04.data      6595581                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total       6595581                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu04.data       147527                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       147527                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu04.data        36009                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        36009                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu04.data         4600                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         4600                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu04.data        16333                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        16333                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu04.data          972                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          972                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu04.data         5822                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         5822                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::cpu04.data       199869                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total       199869                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::cpu04.data       204469                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total       204469                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu04.data      4084871                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      4084871                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu04.data      2643992                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      2643992                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu04.data        53322                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        53322                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu04.data        17865                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        17865                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu04.data        73076                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        73076                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu04.data        72857                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        72857                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu04.data      6746728                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total      6746728                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu04.data      6800050                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total      6800050                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.036115                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.036115                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.013619                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.013619                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.086268                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.086268                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.914246                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.914246                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.013301                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.013301                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.079910                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.079910                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.029625                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.029625                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.030069                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.030069                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        99745                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total           99745                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements               195151                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.icache.tags.tagsinuse         511.849485                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.tags.total_refs          18872731                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.tags.sampled_refs          283432                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.tags.avg_refs           66.586451                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst   511.849485                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.999706                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999706                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu04.icache.tags.tag_accesses        38028894                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu04.icache.tags.data_accesses       38028894                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu04.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu04.inst     18589299                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      18589299                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::cpu04.inst     18589299                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total       18589299                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::cpu04.inst     18589299                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total      18589299                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu04.inst       283432                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       283432                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::cpu04.inst       283432                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total       283432                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::cpu04.inst       283432                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total       283432                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu04.inst     18872731                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     18872731                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::cpu04.inst     18872731                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total     18872731                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::cpu04.inst     18872731                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total     18872731                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu04.inst     0.015018                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015018                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu04.inst     0.015018                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.015018                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu04.inst     0.015018                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.015018                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.writebacks::writebacks       282920                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.icache.writebacks::total          282920                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.icache.replacements               282920                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walks                   13100                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walksLong               13100                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        13100                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         13100    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        13100                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples   1187351068                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walksPending::0    1187351068    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walksPending::total   1187351068                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        11989     98.67%     98.67% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          124      1.02%     99.70% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G           37      0.30%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        12150                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        13100                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        13100                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        12150                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        12150                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        25250                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                    4700770                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                    12243                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                   2724993                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                     857                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10672                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    75                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                    461                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                  165                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                     210                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                4713013                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses               2725850                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                         7425763                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                         13100                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                     7438863                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walks                   13018                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walksLong               13018                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        13018                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         13018    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        13018                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walksPending::samples   1187346068                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walksPending::0    1187346068    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walksPending::total   1187346068                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        12790     99.66%     99.66% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           43      0.34%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        12833                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        13018                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        13018                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        12833                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        12833                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        25851                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                   20218275                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                    13018                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10672                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    75                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                    192                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses               20231293                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                        20218275                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                         13018                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                    20231293                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numPwrStateTransitions               631                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          316                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   45757340648465.632812                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  604060640866835                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          115     36.39%     36.39% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10          154     48.73%     85.13% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::2.5e+11-3e+11            1      0.32%     85.44% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::9e+11-9.5e+11            1      0.32%     85.76% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows           45     14.24%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          501                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 10737131493919500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           316                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  423518181340861                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 14459319644915140                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.numCycles                   21785658774551                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu05.kern.inst.quiesce                    316                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                  20229336                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                    23517129                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.committedUserInsts              11477016                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses            21625694                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_vec_alu_accesses               23768                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                    834572                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts      3552211                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                   21625694                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_vec_insts                      23768                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads          29411792                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes         17319907                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_vec_register_reads             26332                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu05.num_vec_register_writes            14852                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu05.num_cc_register_reads            6203139                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu05.num_cc_register_writes           6138021                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                     7419636                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                   4694640                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                  2724996                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles             21785641560901.011719                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles             17213649.986956                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction               0.000001                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                   0.999999                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.Branches                         4601776                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu05.op_class::No_OpClass                 622      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IntAlu                16032851     68.17%     68.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IntMult                  45309      0.19%     68.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IntDiv                   10605      0.05%     68.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     68.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     68.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     68.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     68.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     68.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     68.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMisc                    4      0.00%     68.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     68.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAdd                   1804      0.01%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAlu                   3794      0.02%     68.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdCmp                   2488      0.01%     68.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     68.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdMisc                  1788      0.01%     68.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     68.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     68.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     68.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     68.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     68.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     68.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     68.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     68.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     68.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     68.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     68.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     68.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     68.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     68.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                4694640     19.96%     88.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite               2724996     11.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::total                 23518901                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         357.881829                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.total_refs           7436249                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          213466                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.avg_refs           34.835754                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    7170629476649500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu05.data   357.881829                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.698988                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.698988                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          380                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          380                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.742188                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        15087756                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.data_accesses       15087756                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu05.data      4401813                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       4401813                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu05.data      2591953                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      2591953                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu05.data        58731                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        58731                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu05.data         1388                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         1388                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu05.data        82378                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        82378                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu05.data        77002                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        77002                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::cpu05.data      6995154                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total        6995154                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::cpu05.data      7053885                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total       7053885                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu05.data       165031                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       165031                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu05.data        34878                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        34878                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu05.data         3244                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         3244                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu05.data        13313                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        13313                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu05.data          682                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          682                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu05.data         5836                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         5836                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::cpu05.data       213222                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total       213222                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::cpu05.data       216466                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total       216466                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu05.data      4566844                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      4566844                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu05.data      2626831                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      2626831                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu05.data        61975                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        61975                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu05.data        14701                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        14701                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu05.data        83060                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        83060                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu05.data        82838                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        82838                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu05.data      7208376                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total      7208376                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu05.data      7270351                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total      7270351                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.036137                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.036137                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.013278                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.013278                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.052344                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.052344                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.905585                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.905585                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.008211                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.008211                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.070451                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.070451                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.029580                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.029580                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.029774                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.029774                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       104311                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total          104311                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements               209114                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.icache.tags.tagsinuse         497.430514                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.tags.total_refs          20231108                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.tags.sampled_refs          151441                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.tags.avg_refs          133.590692                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    7170629476644500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   497.430514                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.971544                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.971544                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu05.icache.tags.tag_accesses        40613657                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu05.icache.tags.data_accesses       40613657                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu05.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu05.inst     20079667                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      20079667                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::cpu05.inst     20079667                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total       20079667                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::cpu05.inst     20079667                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total      20079667                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu05.inst       151441                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       151441                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::cpu05.inst       151441                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total       151441                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::cpu05.inst       151441                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total       151441                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu05.inst     20231108                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     20231108                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::cpu05.inst     20231108                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total     20231108                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::cpu05.inst     20231108                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total     20231108                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu05.inst     0.007486                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.007486                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu05.inst     0.007486                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.007486                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu05.inst     0.007486                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.007486                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.writebacks::writebacks       150929                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.icache.writebacks::total          150929                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.icache.replacements               150929                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walks                    1591                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walksLong                1591                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples         1591                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0          1591    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total         1591                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples   2096952160                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walksPending::0    2096952160    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walksPending::total   2096952160                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K         1406     98.60%     98.60% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           18      1.26%     99.86% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G            2      0.14%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total         1426                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data         1591                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total         1591                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data         1426                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total         1426                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total         3017                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                    1166463                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                     1325                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                    873712                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                     266                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10672                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    75                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                     78                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                   53                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                      48                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                1167788                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                873978                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                         2040175                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                          1591                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                     2041766                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walks                    7193                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walksLong                7193                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples         7193                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0          7193    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total         7193                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walksPending::samples   2045627160                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walksPending::0    2045627160    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walksPending::total   2045627160                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K         7109     99.80%     99.80% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           14      0.20%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total         7123                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst         7193                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total         7193                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst         7123                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total         7123                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        14316                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                    5434603                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                     7193                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10672                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    75                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                5441796                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                         5434603                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                          7193                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                     5441796                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numPwrStateTransitions               345                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          173                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   86027945911699.218750                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  815905667440383.875000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows           65     37.57%     37.57% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           61     35.26%     72.83% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows           47     27.17%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 10737131493202500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           173                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    3183532037                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 14882834642723964                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.numCycles                   21785658775842                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu06.kern.inst.quiesce                    173                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                   5441128                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                     6366441                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.committedUserInsts               1709647                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses             5823964                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_vec_alu_accesses                9789                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                    289642                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts       871333                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                    5823964                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_vec_insts                       9789                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads           8136451                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes          4669996                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_vec_register_reads             10339                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu06.num_vec_register_writes             5443                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu06.num_cc_register_reads            1593747                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu06.num_cc_register_writes           1591405                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                     2037520                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                   1163705                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                   873815                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles             21785654115768.054688                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles             4660073.946455                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction               0.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                   1.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.Branches                         1220368                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu06.op_class::No_OpClass                 228      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IntAlu                 4309656     67.69%     67.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IntMult                  14843      0.23%     67.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IntDiv                    1359      0.02%     67.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     67.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatCmp                     1      0.00%     67.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatCvt                     2      0.00%     67.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     67.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     67.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatDiv                     1      0.00%     67.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     67.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     67.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAdd                    611      0.01%     67.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     67.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAlu                   1244      0.02%     67.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdCmp                    912      0.01%     67.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     67.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdMisc                   662      0.01%     68.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     68.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     68.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     68.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     68.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     68.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     68.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     68.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     68.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     68.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     68.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     68.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     68.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     68.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     68.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                1163705     18.28%     86.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite                873815     13.72%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::total                  6367039                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         378.556103                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.total_refs           2039483                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           65583                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.avg_refs           31.097739                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.data   378.556103                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.739367                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.739367                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          392                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          392                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.765625                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         4147877                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.data_accesses        4147877                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu06.data      1068422                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1068422                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu06.data       823873                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       823873                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu06.data        21707                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        21707                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu06.data          676                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total          676                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu06.data        28617                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        28617                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu06.data        27119                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        27119                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::cpu06.data      1892971                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total        1892971                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::cpu06.data      1914678                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total       1914678                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu06.data        47032                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        47032                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu06.data        12166                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        12166                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu06.data         1346                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         1346                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu06.data         6467                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total         6467                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu06.data          326                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          326                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu06.data         1732                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         1732                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::cpu06.data        65665                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total        65665                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::cpu06.data        67011                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total        67011                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu06.data      1115454                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1115454                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu06.data       836039                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       836039                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu06.data        23053                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        23053                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu06.data         7143                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total         7143                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu06.data        28943                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        28943                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu06.data        28851                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        28851                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu06.data      1958636                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1958636                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu06.data      1981689                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1981689                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.042164                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.042164                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.014552                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.014552                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.058387                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.058387                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.905362                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.905362                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.011264                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.011264                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.060033                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.060033                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.033526                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.033526                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.033815                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.033815                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        34969                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total           34969                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                62756                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.icache.tags.tagsinuse         502.894237                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.tags.total_refs           5441726                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.tags.sampled_refs           79617                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.tags.avg_refs           68.348795                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst   502.894237                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.982215                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.982215                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu06.icache.tags.tag_accesses        10963069                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu06.icache.tags.data_accesses       10963069                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu06.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu06.inst      5362109                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       5362109                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::cpu06.inst      5362109                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total        5362109                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::cpu06.inst      5362109                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total       5362109                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu06.inst        79617                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        79617                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::cpu06.inst        79617                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total        79617                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::cpu06.inst        79617                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total        79617                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu06.inst      5441726                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      5441726                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::cpu06.inst      5441726                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total      5441726                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::cpu06.inst      5441726                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total      5441726                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu06.inst     0.014631                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014631                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu06.inst     0.014631                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014631                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu06.inst     0.014631                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014631                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.writebacks::writebacks        79105                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.icache.writebacks::total           79105                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                79105                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walks                   13646                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walksLong               13646                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        13646                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         13646    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        13646                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples   -123126636                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walksPending::0    -123126636    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walksPending::total   -123126636                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        11877     98.47%     98.47% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          153      1.27%     99.73% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G           32      0.27%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        12062                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        13646                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        13646                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        12062                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        12062                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        25708                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                    6788285                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                    12329                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                   4898566                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                    1317                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          2                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10672                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    75                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                   1175                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                  256                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                     381                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                6800614                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses               4899883                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                        11686851                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                         13646                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                    11700497                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walks                   24830                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walksLong               24830                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        24830                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         24830    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        24830                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walksPending::samples     15775648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walksPending::0      15775648    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walksPending::total     15775648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        24518     99.57%     99.57% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          106      0.43%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        24624                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        24830                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        24830                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        24624                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        24624                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        49454                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                   31536795                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                    24830                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          2                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10672                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    75                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                    804                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses               31561625                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                        31536795                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                         24830                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                    31561625                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numPwrStateTransitions              1141                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          571                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   26064482351127.710938                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  34012158910200.824219                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          160     28.02%     28.02% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10          160     28.02%     56.04% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::3e+11-3.5e+11            1      0.18%     56.22% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::9e+11-9.5e+11            1      0.18%     56.39% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows          249     43.61%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 85332409838192                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           571                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   18403762072                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 14882819422493924                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.numCycles                   43169363423335                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu07.kern.inst.quiesce                    571                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                  31558065                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                    36804174                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.committedUserInsts              15850698                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses            33718056                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_vec_alu_accesses              101321                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                   1586978                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts      5314913                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                   33718056                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_vec_insts                     101321                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads          46012930                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes         26569296                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_vec_register_reads            133546                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu07.num_vec_register_writes            76059                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu07.num_cc_register_reads            9290256                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu07.num_cc_register_writes           9188331                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                    11679934                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                   6781063                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                  4898871                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles             43169310041159.453125                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles             53382175.551730                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction               0.000001                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                   0.999999                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.Branches                         7300580                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu07.op_class::No_OpClass                3720      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IntAlu                24988564     67.89%     67.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IntMult                  59605      0.16%     68.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IntDiv                   12828      0.03%     68.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     68.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     68.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     68.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     68.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     68.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     68.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMisc                    2      0.00%     68.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     68.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAdd                  11547      0.03%     68.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     68.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAlu                  23961      0.07%     68.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdCmp                  14880      0.04%     68.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     68.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdMisc                 12487      0.03%     68.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     68.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     68.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     68.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     68.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     68.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     68.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     68.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     68.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     68.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     68.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     68.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     68.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     68.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     68.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                6781063     18.42%     86.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite               4898871     13.31%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::total                 36807528                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         403.780673                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.total_refs          11696805                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          286869                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.avg_refs           40.774029                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   403.780673                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.788634                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.788634                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          422                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          422                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.824219                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        23680607                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.data_accesses       23680607                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu07.data      6405494                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       6405494                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu07.data      4718267                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      4718267                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu07.data        78600                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        78600                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu07.data         3184                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         3184                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu07.data        96110                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        96110                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu07.data        90049                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        90049                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::cpu07.data     11126945                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total       11126945                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::cpu07.data     11205545                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total      11205545                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu07.data       211318                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       211318                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu07.data        56544                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        56544                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu07.data         5310                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         5310                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu07.data        23031                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        23031                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu07.data         1528                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1528                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu07.data         7370                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         7370                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::cpu07.data       290893                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total       290893                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::cpu07.data       296203                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total       296203                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu07.data      6616812                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6616812                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu07.data      4774811                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      4774811                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu07.data        83910                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        83910                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu07.data        26215                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        26215                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu07.data        97638                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        97638                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu07.data        97419                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        97419                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu07.data     11417838                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total     11417838                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu07.data     11501748                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total     11501748                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.031937                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.031937                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.011842                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.011842                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.063282                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.063282                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.878543                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.878543                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.015650                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.015650                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.075653                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.075653                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.025477                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.025477                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.025753                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.025753                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       147461                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total          147461                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements               275592                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.icache.tags.tagsinuse         509.877060                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.tags.total_refs          31561419                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.tags.sampled_refs          325972                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.tags.avg_refs           96.822485                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst   509.877060                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.995854                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.995854                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu07.icache.tags.tag_accesses        63448810                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu07.icache.tags.data_accesses       63448810                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu07.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu07.inst     31235447                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      31235447                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::cpu07.inst     31235447                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total       31235447                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::cpu07.inst     31235447                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total      31235447                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu07.inst       325972                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       325972                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::cpu07.inst       325972                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total       325972                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::cpu07.inst       325972                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total       325972                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu07.inst     31561419                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     31561419                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::cpu07.inst     31561419                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total     31561419                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::cpu07.inst     31561419                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total     31561419                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu07.inst     0.010328                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010328                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu07.inst     0.010328                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.010328                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu07.inst     0.010328                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.010328                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.writebacks::writebacks       325460                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.icache.writebacks::total          325460                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.icache.replacements               325460                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walks                  284618                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walksLong              284618                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples       284618                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0        284618    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total       284618                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples   1676373364                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walksPending::0    1676373364    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walksPending::total   1676373364                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K       278181     98.30%     98.30% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M         4524      1.60%     99.90% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G          283      0.10%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total       282988                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data       284618                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total       284618                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data       282988                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total       282988                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total       567606                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                   27973430                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                   272518                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                  22499902                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                   12100                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10672                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    75                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                    700                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                 9182                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                     329                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses               28245948                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses              22512002                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                        50473332                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                        284618                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                    50757950                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walks                  492464                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walksLong              492464                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples       492464                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0        492464    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total       492464                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walksPending::samples   1630804864                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walksPending::0    1630804864    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walksPending::total   1630804864                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K       487800     99.10%     99.10% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M         4413      0.90%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total       492213                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst       492464                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total       492464                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst       492213                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total       492213                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total       984677                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                  135222950                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                   492464                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10672                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    75                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                    319                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses              135715414                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                       135222950                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                        492464                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                   135715414                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numPwrStateTransitions              9755                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         4878                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   3050995657890.709961                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  14053981601049.369141                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          592     12.14%     12.14% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         3891     79.77%     91.90% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::2e+11-2.5e+11            3      0.06%     91.96% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::2.5e+11-3e+11            1      0.02%     91.98% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::4.5e+11-5e+11            1      0.02%     92.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::5e+11-5.5e+11            1      0.02%     92.03% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::7e+11-7.5e+11            1      0.02%     92.05% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::7.5e+11-8e+11            1      0.02%     92.07% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::9.5e+11-1e+12            2      0.04%     92.11% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows          385      7.89%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 423502567670000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::total          4878                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   81007064893                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 14882756819190884                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.numCycles                   43221450839815                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu08.kern.inst.quiesce                   4878                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                 135695837                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                   161997928                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.committedUserInsts              46052893                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses           149158535                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_vec_alu_accesses             2743370                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                   9392082                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts     19580683                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                  149158535                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_vec_insts                    2743370                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads         211306537                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes        117980508                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_vec_register_reads           3992567                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu08.num_vec_register_writes          2434773                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu08.num_cc_register_reads           33131916                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu08.num_cc_register_writes          32230398                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                    50658485                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                  28156157                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                 22502328                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles             43221215586130.078125                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles             235253684.922856                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction               0.000005                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                   0.999995                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.Branches                        30515122                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu08.op_class::No_OpClass              118630      0.07%      0.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IntAlu               108724733     67.11%     67.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IntMult                 302122      0.19%     67.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IntDiv                   89913      0.06%     67.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     67.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     67.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     67.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     67.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     67.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     67.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMisc                    4      0.00%     67.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     67.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAdd                 397763      0.25%     67.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     67.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAlu                 851066      0.53%     68.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdCmp                 474520      0.29%     68.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     68.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdMisc                400018      0.25%     68.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     68.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     68.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     68.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     68.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     68.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     68.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     68.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     68.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     68.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     68.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     68.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     68.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     68.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     68.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead               28156157     17.38%     86.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite              22502328     13.89%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::total                162017254                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         414.618688                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.total_refs          50743082                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         1804369                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.avg_refs           28.122342                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.data   414.618688                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.809802                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.809802                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          427                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          427                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.833984                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       103290533                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.data_accesses      103290533                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu08.data     26035899                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      26035899                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu08.data     21587278                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     21587278                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu08.data       280876                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total       280876                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu08.data        30462                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total        30462                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu08.data       472268                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       472268                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu08.data       437961                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       437961                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::cpu08.data     47653639                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total       47653639                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::cpu08.data     47934515                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total      47934515                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu08.data      1374189                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1374189                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu08.data       297305                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       297305                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu08.data        56702                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        56702                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu08.data       104744                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total       104744                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu08.data        16069                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        16069                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu08.data        49329                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        49329                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::cpu08.data      1776238                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total      1776238                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::cpu08.data      1832940                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total      1832940                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu08.data     27410088                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     27410088                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu08.data     21884583                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     21884583                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu08.data       337578                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total       337578                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu08.data       135206                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total       135206                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu08.data       488337                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       488337                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu08.data       487290                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       487290                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu08.data     49429877                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total     49429877                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu08.data     49767455                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total     49767455                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.050134                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.050134                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.013585                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.013585                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.167967                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.167967                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.774699                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.774699                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.032906                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.032906                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.101231                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.101231                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.035935                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.035935                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.036830                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.036830                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       754938                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total          754938                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements              1748709                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.icache.tags.tagsinuse         502.894153                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.tags.total_refs         135715163                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.tags.sampled_refs         4639198                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.tags.avg_refs           29.254014                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst   502.894153                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.982215                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.982215                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu08.icache.tags.tag_accesses       276069524                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu08.icache.tags.data_accesses      276069524                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu08.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu08.inst    131075965                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     131075965                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::cpu08.inst    131075965                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total      131075965                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::cpu08.inst    131075965                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total     131075965                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu08.inst      4639198                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      4639198                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::cpu08.inst      4639198                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total      4639198                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::cpu08.inst      4639198                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total      4639198                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu08.inst    135715163                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    135715163                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::cpu08.inst    135715163                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total    135715163                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::cpu08.inst    135715163                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total    135715163                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu08.inst     0.034183                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.034183                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu08.inst     0.034183                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.034183                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu08.inst     0.034183                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.034183                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.writebacks::writebacks      4638686                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.icache.writebacks::total         4638686                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.icache.replacements              4638686                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walks                    6761                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walksLong                6761                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples         6761                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0          6761    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total         6761                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples   1957266364                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walksPending::0    1957266364    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walksPending::total   1957266364                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K         5150     98.79%     98.79% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           58      1.11%     99.90% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G            5      0.10%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total         5213                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data         6761                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total         6761                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data         5213                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total         5213                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        11974                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                    3321772                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                     6066                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                   2019693                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                     695                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10672                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    75                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                    371                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                  109                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                     187                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                3327838                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses               2020388                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                         5341465                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                          6761                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                     5348226                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walks                   13388                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walksLong               13388                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        13388                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         13388    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        13388                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walksPending::samples   1912017364                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walksPending::0    1912017364    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walksPending::total   1912017364                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        13128     99.70%     99.70% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           40      0.30%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        13168                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        13388                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        13388                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        13168                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        13168                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        26556                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                   15033772                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                    13388                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10672                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    75                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                    124                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses               15047160                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                        15033772                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                         13388                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                    15047160                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numPwrStateTransitions               805                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          403                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   36930097223790.164062                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  535437971198978.687500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          169     41.94%     41.94% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10          185     45.91%     87.84% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::2.5e+11-3e+11            1      0.25%     88.09% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows           48     11.91%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 10738115502010000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           403                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    8645068565                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 14882829181187436                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.numCycles                   21783690758457                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu09.kern.inst.quiesce                    403                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                  15044452                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                    17287579                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.committedUserInsts               4865657                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses            15709032                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_vec_alu_accesses               26331                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                    738040                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts      2898594                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                   15709032                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_vec_insts                      26331                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads          21582200                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes         12458268                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_vec_register_reads             31197                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu09.num_vec_register_writes            18362                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu09.num_cc_register_reads            4760016                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu09.num_cc_register_writes           4737282                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                     5337158                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                   3317014                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                  2020144                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles             21783678104870.058594                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles             12653586.941361                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction               0.000001                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                   0.999999                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.Branches                         3755475                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu09.op_class::No_OpClass                 813      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IntAlu                11906073     68.86%     68.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IntMult                  29737      0.17%     69.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IntDiv                    2999      0.02%     69.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     69.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     69.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     69.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     69.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     69.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     69.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     69.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     69.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAdd                   2468      0.01%     69.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     69.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAlu                   5077      0.03%     69.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdCmp                   3252      0.02%     69.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     69.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdMisc                  2490      0.01%     69.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     69.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     69.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     69.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     69.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     69.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     69.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     69.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     69.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     69.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     69.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     69.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     69.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     69.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     69.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                3317014     19.18%     88.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite               2020144     11.68%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::total                 17290067                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         346.573740                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.total_refs           5343968                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          165560                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.avg_refs           32.278135                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.data   346.573740                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.676902                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.676902                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          348                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          348                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.679688                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        10857080                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.data_accesses       10857080                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu09.data      3056163                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3056163                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu09.data      1895316                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1895316                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu09.data        68533                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        68533                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu09.data         1576                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         1576                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu09.data        75543                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        75543                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu09.data        70054                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        70054                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::cpu09.data      4953055                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total        4953055                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::cpu09.data      5021588                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total       5021588                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu09.data       121676                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       121676                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu09.data        31644                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        31644                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu09.data         3480                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         3480                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu09.data        13550                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        13550                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu09.data          621                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          621                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu09.data         5812                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         5812                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::cpu09.data       166870                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total       166870                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::cpu09.data       170350                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total       170350                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu09.data      3177839                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3177839                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu09.data      1926960                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1926960                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu09.data        72013                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        72013                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu09.data        15126                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        15126                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu09.data        76164                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        76164                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu09.data        75866                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        75866                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu09.data      5119925                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total      5119925                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu09.data      5191938                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total      5191938                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.038289                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038289                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.016422                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.016422                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.048325                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.048325                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.895809                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.895809                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.008153                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.008153                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.076609                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.076609                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.032592                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.032592                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.032810                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.032810                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        93521                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total           93521                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements               160768                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.icache.tags.tagsinuse         502.894147                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.tags.total_refs          15046940                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.tags.sampled_refs          159161                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.tags.avg_refs           94.539114                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst   502.894147                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.982215                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.982215                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu09.icache.tags.tag_accesses        30253041                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu09.icache.tags.data_accesses       30253041                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu09.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu09.inst     14887779                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      14887779                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::cpu09.inst     14887779                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total       14887779                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::cpu09.inst     14887779                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total      14887779                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu09.inst       159161                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       159161                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::cpu09.inst       159161                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total       159161                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::cpu09.inst       159161                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total       159161                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu09.inst     15046940                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     15046940                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::cpu09.inst     15046940                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total     15046940                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::cpu09.inst     15046940                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total     15046940                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu09.inst     0.010578                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010578                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu09.inst     0.010578                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.010578                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu09.inst     0.010578                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.010578                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.writebacks::writebacks       158649                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.icache.writebacks::total          158649                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.icache.replacements               158649                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walks                    8076                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walksLong                8076                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples         8076                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0          8076    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total         8076                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples  -1670171436                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walksPending::0   -1670171436    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walksPending::total  -1670171436                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K         7792     98.19%     98.19% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           73      0.92%     99.11% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G           71      0.89%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total         7936                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data         8076                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total         8076                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data         7936                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total         7936                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        16012                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                    2769882                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                     7636                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                   1895099                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                     440                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10672                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    75                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                    152                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                  266                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                      73                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                2777518                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses               1895539                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                         4664981                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                          8076                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                     4673057                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walks                   10405                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walksLong               10405                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        10405                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         10405    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        10405                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walksPending::samples  -1669865436                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walksPending::0   -1669865436    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walksPending::total  -1669865436                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        10283     99.34%     99.34% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           68      0.66%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        10351                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        10405                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        10405                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        10351                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        10351                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        20756                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                   12563747                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                    10405                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10672                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    75                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                     64                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses               12574152                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                        12563747                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                         10405                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                    12574152                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numPwrStateTransitions               765                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          383                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   28038122797921.039062                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  40101152319938.093750                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          198     51.70%     51.70% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           59     15.40%     67.10% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows          126     32.90%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          501                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 85332409497692                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           383                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  4144236794652242                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 10738601031603758                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.numCycles                   43115938099601                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu10.kern.inst.quiesce                    383                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                  12573697                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                    14768392                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.committedUserInsts               4708374                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses            13685454                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_vec_alu_accesses               12618                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                    656082                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts      1900685                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                   13685454                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_vec_insts                      12618                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads          19607904                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes         11037360                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_vec_register_reads             13723                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu10.num_vec_register_writes             5373                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu10.num_cc_register_reads            3502014                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu10.num_cc_register_writes           3460755                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                     4666796                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                   2771785                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                  1895011                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles             43115916706893.179688                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles             21392707.820998                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction               0.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                   1.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.Branches                         2678094                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu10.op_class::No_OpClass                 233      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IntAlu                10066281     68.16%     68.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IntMult                  26274      0.18%     68.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IntDiv                    5541      0.04%     68.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     68.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     68.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     68.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     68.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     68.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     68.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMisc                    2      0.00%     68.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     68.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAdd                    652      0.00%     68.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     68.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAlu                   1422      0.01%     68.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdCmp                    932      0.01%     68.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     68.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdMisc                   660      0.00%     68.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     68.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     68.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     68.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     68.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     68.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     68.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     68.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     68.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     68.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     68.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     68.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     68.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     68.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     68.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                2771785     18.77%     87.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite               1895011     12.83%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::total                 14768793                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         255.838617                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.total_refs           4625160                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          119770                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.avg_refs           38.617016                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    10891352465064500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   255.838617                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.499685                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.499685                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          353                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          353                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.689453                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         9461478                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.data_accesses        9461478                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu10.data      2598199                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2598199                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu10.data      1770135                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1770135                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu10.data        34577                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        34577                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu10.data         1005                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         1005                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu10.data        48549                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        48549                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu10.data        47422                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        47422                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::cpu10.data      4369339                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total        4369339                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::cpu10.data      4403916                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total       4403916                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu10.data        91518                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        91518                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu10.data        23514                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        23514                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu10.data         3049                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         3049                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu10.data         4857                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total         4857                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu10.data          578                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          578                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu10.data         1691                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         1691                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::cpu10.data       119889                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total       119889                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::cpu10.data       122938                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total       122938                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu10.data      2689717                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2689717                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu10.data      1793649                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1793649                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu10.data        37626                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        37626                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu10.data         5862                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total         5862                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu10.data        49127                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        49127                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu10.data        49113                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        49113                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu10.data      4489228                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4489228                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu10.data      4526854                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4526854                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.034025                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.034025                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.013110                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.013110                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.081034                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.081034                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.828557                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.828557                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.011765                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.011765                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.034431                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.034431                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.026706                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.026706                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.027157                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.027157                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        59970                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total           59970                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements               114778                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.icache.tags.tagsinuse         369.430048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.tags.total_refs          12574098                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.tags.sampled_refs          167643                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.tags.avg_refs           75.005207                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    10891352465059500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst   369.430048                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.721543                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.721543                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu10.icache.tags.tag_accesses        25315839                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu10.icache.tags.data_accesses       25315839                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu10.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu10.inst     12406455                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12406455                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::cpu10.inst     12406455                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total       12406455                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::cpu10.inst     12406455                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total      12406455                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu10.inst       167643                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       167643                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::cpu10.inst       167643                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total       167643                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::cpu10.inst       167643                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total       167643                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu10.inst     12574098                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12574098                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::cpu10.inst     12574098                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total     12574098                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::cpu10.inst     12574098                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total     12574098                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu10.inst     0.013332                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.013332                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu10.inst     0.013332                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.013332                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu10.inst     0.013332                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.013332                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.writebacks::writebacks       167131                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.icache.writebacks::total          167131                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.icache.replacements               167131                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walks                    2471                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walksLong                2471                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples         2471                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0          2471    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total         2471                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples   -560966432                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walksPending::0    -560966432    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walksPending::total   -560966432                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K         1800     98.90%     98.90% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           13      0.71%     99.62% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G            7      0.38%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total         1820                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data         2471                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total         2471                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data         1820                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total         1820                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total         4291                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                    1050772                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                     2280                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                    646059                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                     191                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10672                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    75                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                    135                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                   54                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                      70                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                1053052                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                646250                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                         1696831                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                          2471                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                     1699302                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walks                    3691                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walksLong                3691                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples         3691                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0          3691    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total         3691                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walksPending::samples   -561596432                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walksPending::0    -561596432    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walksPending::total   -561596432                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K         3615     99.50%     99.50% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           18      0.50%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total         3633                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst         3691                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total         3691                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst         3633                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total         3633                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total         7324                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                    4977660                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                     3691                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10672                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    75                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                     61                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                4981351                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                         4977660                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                          3691                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                     4981351                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numPwrStateTransitions               247                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          124                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   116607503047804.031250                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  1017725161746247.750000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows           62     50.00%     50.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           59     47.58%     97.58% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows            3      2.42%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 10738543501020500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           124                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  423507448328301                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 14459330377927700                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.numCycles                   21782834760157                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu11.kern.inst.quiesce                    124                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                   4980402                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                     5652569                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.committedUserInsts               1709725                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses             5085828                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_vec_alu_accesses                3866                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                    223868                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts      1054203                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                    5085828                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_vec_insts                       3866                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads           7049819                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes          3995761                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_vec_register_reads              4024                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu11.num_vec_register_writes             1970                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu11.num_cc_register_reads            1709127                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu11.num_cc_register_writes           1704381                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                     1696020                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                   1049840                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                   646180                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles             21782830622887.707031                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles             4137269.295763                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction               0.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                   1.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.Branches                         1310590                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu11.op_class::No_OpClass                  75      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IntAlu                 3948794     69.85%     69.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IntMult                   6512      0.12%     69.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IntDiv                     851      0.02%     69.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     69.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     69.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     69.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     69.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     69.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     69.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     69.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     69.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAdd                    223      0.00%     69.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     69.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAlu                    466      0.01%     69.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdCmp                    300      0.01%     70.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     70.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdMisc                   219      0.00%     70.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     70.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     70.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     70.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     70.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     70.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     70.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     70.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     70.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     70.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     70.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     70.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     70.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     70.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     70.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                1049840     18.57%     88.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite                646180     11.43%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::total                  5653460                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         329.821559                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.total_refs           1694463                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           48701                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.avg_refs           34.793187                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    7170627676379000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   329.821559                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.644183                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.644183                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          344                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          344                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.671875                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         3445179                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.data_accesses        3445179                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu11.data       974483                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        974483                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu11.data       605693                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       605693                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu11.data        19712                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        19712                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu11.data          320                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total          320                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu11.data        21549                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        21549                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu11.data        20387                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        20387                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::cpu11.data      1580496                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total        1580496                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::cpu11.data      1600208                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total       1600208                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu11.data        34653                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        34653                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu11.data        10927                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        10927                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu11.data         1129                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         1129                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu11.data         3068                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total         3068                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu11.data          727                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          727                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu11.data         1815                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         1815                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::cpu11.data        48648                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total        48648                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::cpu11.data        49777                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total        49777                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu11.data      1009136                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1009136                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu11.data       616620                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       616620                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu11.data        20841                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        20841                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu11.data         3388                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total         3388                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu11.data        22276                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        22276                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu11.data        22202                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        22202                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu11.data      1629144                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1629144                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu11.data      1649985                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1649985                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.034339                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.034339                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.017721                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.017721                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.054172                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.054172                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.905549                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.905549                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.032636                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.032636                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.081749                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.081749                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.029861                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.029861                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.030168                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.030168                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        27658                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total           27658                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                46987                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.icache.tags.tagsinuse         497.430574                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.tags.total_refs           4981293                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.tags.sampled_refs           48275                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.tags.avg_refs          103.185769                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    7170627676374000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   497.430574                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.971544                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.971544                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu11.icache.tags.tag_accesses        10010861                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu11.icache.tags.data_accesses       10010861                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu11.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu11.inst      4933018                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       4933018                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::cpu11.inst      4933018                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total        4933018                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::cpu11.inst      4933018                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total       4933018                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu11.inst        48275                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        48275                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::cpu11.inst        48275                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total        48275                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::cpu11.inst        48275                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total        48275                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu11.inst      4981293                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      4981293                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::cpu11.inst      4981293                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total      4981293                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::cpu11.inst      4981293                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total      4981293                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu11.inst     0.009691                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009691                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu11.inst     0.009691                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009691                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu11.inst     0.009691                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009691                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.writebacks::writebacks        47763                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.icache.writebacks::total           47763                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                47763                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walks                   21519                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walksLong               21519                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        21519                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         21519    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        21519                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples   -266102432                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walksPending::0    -266102432    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walksPending::total   -266102432                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        20686     98.67%     98.67% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          208      0.99%     99.67% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G           70      0.33%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        20964                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        21519                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        21519                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        20964                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        20964                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        42483                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                    7271983                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                    20228                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                   4318148                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                    1291                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10672                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    75                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                    826                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                  266                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                     336                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                7292211                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses               4319439                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                        11590131                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                         21519                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                    11611650                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walks                   17428                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walksLong               17428                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        17428                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         17428    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        17428                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walksPending::samples   -316129932                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walksPending::0    -316129932    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walksPending::total   -316129932                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        17127     99.55%     99.55% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           78      0.45%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        17205                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        17428                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        17428                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        17205                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        17205                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        34633                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                   30804515                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                    17428                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10672                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    75                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                    444                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses               30821943                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                        30804515                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                         17428                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                    30821943                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numPwrStateTransitions               371                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          186                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   77738252070476.640625                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  831642933695913.625000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows           75     40.32%     40.32% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10          107     57.53%     97.85% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::2.5e+11-3e+11            1      0.54%     98.39% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows            3      1.61%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 10738099502491500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           186                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  423522941147346                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 14459314885108654                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.numCycles                   21783722757277                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu12.kern.inst.quiesce                    186                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                  30819987                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                    36043766                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.committedUserInsts              19820207                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses            33373064                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_vec_alu_accesses               40300                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                   1215260                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts      4995903                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                   33373064                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_vec_insts                      40300                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads          45259520                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes         26818293                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_vec_register_reads             46882                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu12.num_vec_register_writes            26400                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu12.num_cc_register_reads            9085032                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu12.num_cc_register_writes           8944197                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                    11583188                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                   7265320                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                  4317868                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles             21783696377620.910156                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles             26379656.090358                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction               0.000001                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                   0.999999                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.Branches                         6581865                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu12.op_class::No_OpClass                1178      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IntAlu                24357916     67.58%     67.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IntMult                  65365      0.18%     67.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IntDiv                   19111      0.05%     67.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     67.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     67.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     67.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     67.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     67.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     67.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMisc                    8      0.00%     67.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     67.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdAdd                   3378      0.01%     67.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     67.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdAlu                   7223      0.02%     67.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdCmp                   4712      0.01%     67.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     67.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdMisc                  3420      0.01%     67.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     67.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     67.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     67.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     67.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     67.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     67.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     67.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     67.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     67.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     67.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     67.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     67.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     67.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     67.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                7265320     20.16%     88.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite               4317868     11.98%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::total                 36045499                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         351.243337                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.total_refs          11609367                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          315277                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.avg_refs           36.822753                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    7170627973112000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.data   351.243337                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.686022                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.686022                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          357                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          357                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.697266                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        23536059                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.data_accesses       23536059                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu12.data      6847434                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       6847434                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu12.data      4128528                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      4128528                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu12.data        75392                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        75392                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu12.data         1767                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         1767                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu12.data       118688                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       118688                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu12.data       110749                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       110749                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::cpu12.data     10977729                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total       10977729                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::cpu12.data     11053121                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total      11053121                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu12.data       245161                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       245161                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu12.data        50342                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        50342                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu12.data         4171                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         4171                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu12.data        17703                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        17703                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu12.data          811                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          811                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu12.data         8621                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         8621                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::cpu12.data       313206                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total       313206                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::cpu12.data       317377                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total       317377                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu12.data      7092595                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7092595                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu12.data      4178870                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      4178870                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu12.data        79563                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        79563                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu12.data        19470                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        19470                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu12.data       119499                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       119499                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu12.data       119370                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       119370                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu12.data     11290935                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total     11290935                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu12.data     11370498                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total     11370498                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.034566                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.034566                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.012047                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.012047                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.052424                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.052424                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.909245                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.909245                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.006787                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.006787                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.072221                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.072221                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.027740                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.027740                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.027912                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.027912                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       150055                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total          150055                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements               311670                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.icache.tags.tagsinuse         497.430564                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.tags.total_refs          30821720                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.tags.sampled_refs          197217                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.tags.avg_refs          156.283282                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    7170627973107000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst   497.430564                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.971544                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.971544                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu12.icache.tags.tag_accesses        61840657                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu12.icache.tags.data_accesses       61840657                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu12.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu12.inst     30624503                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      30624503                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::cpu12.inst     30624503                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total       30624503                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::cpu12.inst     30624503                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total      30624503                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu12.inst       197217                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       197217                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::cpu12.inst       197217                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total       197217                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::cpu12.inst       197217                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total       197217                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu12.inst     30821720                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     30821720                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::cpu12.inst     30821720                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total     30821720                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::cpu12.inst     30821720                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total     30821720                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu12.inst     0.006399                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.006399                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu12.inst     0.006399                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006399                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu12.inst     0.006399                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006399                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.writebacks::writebacks       196705                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.icache.writebacks::total          196705                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.icache.replacements               196705                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walks                  124452                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walksLong              124452                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples       124452                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0        124452    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total       124452                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples    824199972                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walksPending::0     824199972    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walksPending::total    824199972                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K       120524     98.29%     98.29% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M         2003      1.63%     99.92% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G           92      0.08%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total       122619                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data       124452                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total       124452                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data       122619                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total       122619                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total       247071                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                   13812688                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                   119110                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                  10916432                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                    5342                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10672                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    75                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                    201                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                 4002                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                      97                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses               13931798                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses              10921774                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                        24729120                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                        124452                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                    24853572                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walks                  229418                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walksLong              229418                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples       229418                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0        229418    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total       229418                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walksPending::samples  -1661801528                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walksPending::0   -1661801528    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walksPending::total  -1661801528                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K       227358     99.16%     99.16% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M         1929      0.84%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total       229287                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst       229418                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total       229418                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst       229287                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total       229287                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total       458705                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                   67085335                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                   229418                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10672                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    75                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                     65                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses               67314753                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                        67085335                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                        229418                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                    67314753                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numPwrStateTransitions              5771                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         2886                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   5156894607081.776367                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  59425097831340.445312                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          531     18.40%     18.40% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         2090     72.42%     90.82% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::2e+11-2.5e+11            2      0.07%     90.89% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::2.5e+11-3e+11            1      0.03%     90.92% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::3.5e+11-4e+11            1      0.03%     90.96% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::7e+11-7.5e+11            3      0.10%     91.06% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::9e+11-9.5e+11            1      0.03%     91.09% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows          257      8.91%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 3083550210773500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::total          2886                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   39990217805                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 14882797836038008                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.numCycles                   43101452136097                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu13.kern.inst.quiesce                   2886                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                  67304567                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                    79971998                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.committedUserInsts              21598142                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses            73429153                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_vec_alu_accesses             1229695                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                   4734239                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts     10189285                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                   73429153                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_vec_insts                    1229695                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads         103656226                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes         57968211                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_vec_register_reads           1788814                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu13.num_vec_register_writes          1090991                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu13.num_cc_register_reads           16878606                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu13.num_cc_register_writes          16467351                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                    24809263                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                  13891837                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                 10917426                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles             43101336322429.757812                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles             115813667.241538                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction               0.000003                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                   0.999997                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.Branches                        15669270                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu13.op_class::No_OpClass               53203      0.07%      0.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IntAlu                53989028     67.50%     67.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IntMult                 139929      0.17%     67.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IntDiv                   40108      0.05%     67.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     67.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     67.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     67.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     67.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     67.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     67.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     67.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     67.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdAdd                 178126      0.22%     68.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     68.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdAlu                 380910      0.48%     68.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdCmp                 212812      0.27%     68.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     68.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdMisc                178674      0.22%     68.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     68.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     68.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     68.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     68.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     68.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     68.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     68.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     68.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     68.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     68.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     68.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     68.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     68.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     68.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead               13891837     17.37%     86.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite              10917426     13.65%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::total                 79982053                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         410.004816                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.total_refs          24845216                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          854633                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.avg_refs           29.071211                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.data   410.004816                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.800791                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.800791                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          436                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          436                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.851562                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        50545065                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.data_accesses       50545065                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu13.data     12874077                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      12874077                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu13.data     10470448                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     10470448                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu13.data       141752                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total       141752                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu13.data        13214                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total        13214                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu13.data       230240                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       230240                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu13.data       213047                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       213047                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::cpu13.data     23357739                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total       23357739                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::cpu13.data     23499491                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total      23499491                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu13.data       645191                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       645191                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu13.data       150503                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       150503                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu13.data        27789                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        27789                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu13.data        49182                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        49182                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu13.data         6698                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         6698                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu13.data        23075                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        23075                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::cpu13.data       844876                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total       844876                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::cpu13.data       872665                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total       872665                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu13.data     13519268                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13519268                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu13.data     10620951                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     10620951                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu13.data       169541                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total       169541                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu13.data        62396                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        62396                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu13.data       236938                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       236938                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu13.data       236122                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       236122                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu13.data     24202615                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total     24202615                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu13.data     24372156                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total     24372156                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.047724                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.047724                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.014170                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.014170                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.163907                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.163907                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.788224                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.788224                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.028269                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.028269                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.097725                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.097725                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.034908                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.034908                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.035806                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.035806                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       365228                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total          365228                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements               822988                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.icache.tags.tagsinuse         509.767928                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.tags.total_refs          67314622                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.tags.sampled_refs         2192007                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.tags.avg_refs           30.709127                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst   509.767928                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.995640                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.995640                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu13.icache.tags.tag_accesses       136821251                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu13.icache.tags.data_accesses      136821251                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu13.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu13.inst     65122615                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      65122615                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::cpu13.inst     65122615                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total       65122615                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::cpu13.inst     65122615                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total      65122615                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu13.inst      2192007                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      2192007                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::cpu13.inst      2192007                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total      2192007                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::cpu13.inst      2192007                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total      2192007                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu13.inst     67314622                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     67314622                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::cpu13.inst     67314622                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total     67314622                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::cpu13.inst     67314622                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total     67314622                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu13.inst     0.032564                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.032564                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu13.inst     0.032564                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.032564                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu13.inst     0.032564                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.032564                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.writebacks::writebacks      2191495                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.icache.writebacks::total         2191495                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.icache.replacements              2191495                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walks                  574984                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walksLong              574984                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples       574984                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0        574984    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total       574984                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples     15759648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walksPending::0      15759648    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walksPending::total     15759648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K       572979     99.88%     99.88% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          691      0.12%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G           18      0.00%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total       573688                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data       574984                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total       574984                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data       573688                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total       573688                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total      1148672                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                  200629364                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                   504951                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                 177479239                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                   70033                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10672                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    75                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                    281                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                25520                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                     120                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses              201134315                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses             177549272                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                       378108603                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                        574984                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                   378683587                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walks                 3480401                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walksLong             3480401                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples      3480401                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0       3480401    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total      3480401                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walksPending::samples     15759148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walksPending::0      15759148    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walksPending::total     15759148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K      3470447     99.72%     99.72% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M         9843      0.28%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total      3480290                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst      3480401                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total      3480401                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst      3480290                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total      3480290                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total      6960691                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                  922738810                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                  3480401                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10672                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    75                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                    128                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses              926219211                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                       922738810                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                       3480401                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                   926219211                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numPwrStateTransitions            146284                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples        73142                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   203471083699.456604                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  2470300353036.813965                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows        69934     95.61%     95.61% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         2713      3.71%     99.32% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::2e+11-2.5e+11            1      0.00%     99.32% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::9.5e+11-1e+12            1      0.00%     99.33% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows          493      0.67%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 30235161967304                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::total         73142                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  555822282731                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 14882282003945656                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.numCycles                   43259921835217                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu14.kern.inst.quiesce                  73142                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                 925969335                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                  1111396302                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.committedUserInsts             120992833                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses          1042414223                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_vec_alu_accesses             2198197                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                  78897849                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts    133049036                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                 1042414223                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_vec_insts                    2198197                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads        1481782324                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes        802585273                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_vec_register_reads           2328402                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu14.num_vec_register_writes          1308431                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu14.num_cc_register_reads          196808757                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu14.num_cc_register_writes         196036974                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                   378017084                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                 200602388                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                177414696                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles             43258306227471.132812                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles             1615607745.872201                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction               0.000037                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                   0.999963                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.Branches                       219578073                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu14.op_class::No_OpClass               50467      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IntAlu               731704728     65.82%     65.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IntMult                 892614      0.08%     65.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IntDiv                  146724      0.01%     65.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     65.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     65.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     65.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     65.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     65.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     65.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMisc                    2      0.00%     65.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     65.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdAdd                 150862      0.01%     65.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     65.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdAlu                 316121      0.03%     65.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdCmp                 201868      0.02%     65.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     65.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdMisc                165597      0.01%     65.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     65.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     65.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     65.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     65.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     65.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     65.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     65.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     65.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     65.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     65.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     65.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     65.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     65.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     65.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead              200602388     18.05%     84.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite             177414696     15.96%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::total               1111646067                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         497.206846                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.total_refs         378666733                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         9693991                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.avg_refs           39.062006                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.data   497.206846                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.971107                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.971107                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          510                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           96                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          303                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           75                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           36                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       767027457                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.data_accesses      767027457                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu14.data    186645750                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total     186645750                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu14.data    170875234                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total    170875234                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu14.data      2804980                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total      2804980                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu14.data       127493                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total       127493                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu14.data      4137631                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total      4137631                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu14.data      4213584                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total      4213584                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::cpu14.data    357648477                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total      357648477                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::cpu14.data    360453457                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total     360453457                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu14.data      6885792                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      6885792                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu14.data      1745535                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1745535                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu14.data       504663                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total       504663                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu14.data       507764                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total       507764                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu14.data       147466                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total       147466                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu14.data        70841                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        70841                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::cpu14.data      9139091                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total      9139091                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::cpu14.data      9643754                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total      9643754                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu14.data    193531542                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    193531542                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu14.data    172620769                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    172620769                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu14.data      3309643                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total      3309643                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu14.data       635257                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total       635257                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu14.data      4285097                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total      4285097                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu14.data      4284425                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total      4284425                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu14.data    366787568                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total    366787568                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu14.data    370097211                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total    370097211                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.035580                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.035580                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.010112                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.010112                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.152483                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.152483                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.799305                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.799305                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.034414                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.034414                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.016535                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.016535                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.024917                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.024917                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.026057                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.026057                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      5031039                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total         5031039                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements              9556048                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.icache.tags.tagsinuse         511.926644                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.tags.total_refs         926219100                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.tags.sampled_refs        34369457                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.tags.avg_refs           26.948901                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst   511.926644                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.999857                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999857                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          332                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          172                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.tag_accesses      1886807657                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu14.icache.tags.data_accesses     1886807657                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu14.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu14.inst    891849643                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     891849643                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::cpu14.inst    891849643                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total      891849643                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::cpu14.inst    891849643                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total     891849643                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu14.inst     34369457                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     34369457                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::cpu14.inst     34369457                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total     34369457                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::cpu14.inst     34369457                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total     34369457                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu14.inst    926219100                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    926219100                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::cpu14.inst    926219100                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total    926219100                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::cpu14.inst    926219100                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total    926219100                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu14.inst     0.037107                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.037107                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu14.inst     0.037107                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.037107                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu14.inst     0.037107                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.037107                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.writebacks::writebacks     34368945                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.icache.writebacks::total        34368945                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.icache.replacements             34368945                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walks                 2657489                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walksLong             2657489                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples      2657489                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0       2657489    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total      2657489                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples   -315558908                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walksPending::0    -315558908    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walksPending::total   -315558908                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K      2649039     99.83%     99.83% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M         3996      0.15%     99.98% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G          526      0.02%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total      2653561                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data      2657489                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total      2657489                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data      2653561                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total      2653561                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total      5311050                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                  165437534                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                  2503743                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                  88910693                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                  153746                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10672                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    75                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                    631                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                 8536                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                     172                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses              167941277                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses              89064439                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                       254348227                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                       2657489                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                   257005716                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walks                  454101                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walksLong              454101                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples       454101                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0        454101    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total       454101                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walksPending::samples     16101648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walksPending::0      16101648    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walksPending::total     16101648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K       450206     99.17%     99.17% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M         3769      0.83%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total       453975                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst       454101                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total       454101                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst       453975                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total       453975                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total       908076                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                  741294994                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                   454101                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10672                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    75                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                    338                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses              741749095                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                       741294994                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                        454101                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                   741749095                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numPwrStateTransitions             10091                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         5046                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   2949348283278.190918                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  12816621785460.312500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows         1257     24.91%     24.91% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         3408     67.54%     92.45% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::1e+11-1.5e+11            1      0.02%     92.47% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::4.5e+11-5e+11            1      0.02%     92.49% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::9.5e+11-1e+12            2      0.04%     92.53% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows          377      7.47%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 85332409769192                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::total          5046                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  426388834074                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 14882411437421752                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.numCycles                   43259921741600                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu15.kern.inst.quiesce                   5046                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                 741729763                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                   852761253                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.committedUserInsts             625695092                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses           783625710                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_vec_alu_accesses             2705781                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                  36032408                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts     94100739                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                  783625710                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_vec_insts                    2705781                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads        1074145708                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes        665227324                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_vec_register_reads           3856237                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu15.num_vec_register_writes          2394213                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu15.num_cc_register_reads          250784352                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu15.num_cc_register_writes         245542520                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                   256779992                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                 167729450                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                 89050542                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles             43258682357863.093750                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles             1239383736.910230                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction               0.000029                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                   0.999971                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.Branches                       140385013                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu15.op_class::No_OpClass              111998      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IntAlu               586097900     68.73%     68.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IntMult                7623970      0.89%     69.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IntDiv                   80501      0.01%     69.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     69.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatCmp                   206      0.00%     69.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatCvt                 61484      0.01%     69.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMult                 6950      0.00%     69.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMultAcc              6687      0.00%     69.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatDiv                 13637      0.00%     69.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMisc                13903      0.00%     69.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     69.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdAdd                 369074      0.04%     69.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     69.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdAlu                 804011      0.09%     69.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdCmp                 445960      0.05%     69.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     69.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdMisc                364186      0.04%     69.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     69.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     69.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     69.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     69.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     69.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     69.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     69.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     69.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     69.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     69.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     69.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     69.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     69.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     69.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead              167729450     19.67%     89.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite              89050542     10.44%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::total                852780459                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         431.618914                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.total_refs         256981972                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         6359200                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.avg_refs           40.411054                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.data   431.618914                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.843006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.843006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          498                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          270                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           67                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          161                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.972656                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       520328520                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.data_accesses      520328520                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu15.data    161413999                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total     161413999                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu15.data     87229295                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     87229295                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu15.data       417805                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total       417805                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu15.data        91076                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total        91076                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu15.data       704625                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       704625                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu15.data       679438                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       679438                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::cpu15.data    248734370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total      248734370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::cpu15.data    249152175                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total     249152175                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu15.data      5309180                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      5309180                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu15.data       760702                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       760702                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu15.data        67069                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        67069                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu15.data       249877                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total       249877                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu15.data        17231                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        17231                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu15.data        41675                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        41675                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::cpu15.data      6319759                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total      6319759                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::cpu15.data      6386828                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total      6386828                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu15.data    166723179                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    166723179                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu15.data     87989997                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     87989997                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu15.data       484874                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total       484874                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu15.data       340953                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total       340953                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu15.data       721856                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       721856                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu15.data       721113                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       721113                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu15.data    255054129                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total    255054129                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu15.data    255539003                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total    255539003                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.031844                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.031844                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.008645                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.008645                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.138323                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.138323                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.732878                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.732878                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.023870                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.023870                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.057793                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.057793                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.024778                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.024778                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.024994                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.024994                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      1585714                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total         1585714                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements              6298405                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.icache.tags.tagsinuse         511.019714                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.tags.total_refs         741748969                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.tags.sampled_refs         4687614                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.tags.avg_refs          158.235932                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst   511.019714                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.998085                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998085                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          482                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu15.icache.tags.tag_accesses      1488185552                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu15.icache.tags.data_accesses     1488185552                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu15.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu15.inst    737061355                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     737061355                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::cpu15.inst    737061355                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total      737061355                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::cpu15.inst    737061355                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total     737061355                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu15.inst      4687614                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      4687614                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::cpu15.inst      4687614                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total      4687614                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::cpu15.inst      4687614                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total      4687614                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu15.inst    741748969                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    741748969                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::cpu15.inst    741748969                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total    741748969                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::cpu15.inst    741748969                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total    741748969                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu15.inst     0.006320                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.006320                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu15.inst     0.006320                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006320                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu15.inst     0.006320                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006320                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.writebacks::writebacks      4687102                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.icache.writebacks::total         4687102                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.icache.replacements              4687102                       # number of replacements
system.iobus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                15389                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp               15389                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq              545017                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp             545017                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart0.pio        24256                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pci_ide.pio        23400                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.viopci.pio          748                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total        48404                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pci_ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      1072408                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pci_ide.dma::total      1072408                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                 1120812                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart0.pio        24256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pci_ide.pio        13050                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.viopci.pio          561                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total        37867                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pci_ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side     34241120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pci_ide.dma::total     34241120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                 34278987                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse               15.544716                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                 536204                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs               536204                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        1                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle         7170617862882001                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::pci_ide     15.544716                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::pci_ide     0.971545                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.971545                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses              4825836                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses             4825836                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pci_ide           3404                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total             3404                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::pci_ide       532800                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total       532800                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::pci_ide          536204                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total            536204                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::pci_ide         536204                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total           536204                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pci_ide         3404                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total           3404                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::pci_ide       532800                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total       532800                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::pci_ide        536204                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total          536204                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::pci_ide       536204                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total         536204                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pci_ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::pci_ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pci_ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pci_ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          532784                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total               532784                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.replacements                    536188                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l200.tags.tagsinuse               15510.300885                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.tags.total_refs                  10894487                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.tags.sampled_refs                 1447917                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.tags.avg_refs                    7.524248                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.tags.warmup_cycle            6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    788.955769                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.dtb.walker    92.917797                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.itb.walker   103.007440                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst   5215.904485                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   9309.515394                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.048154                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.dtb.walker     0.005671                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.itb.walker     0.006287                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.318354                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.568208                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.tags.occ_percent::total          0.946674                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          189                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l200.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        15745                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l200.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          189                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l200.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        15745                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l200.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.011536                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l200.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.960999                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l200.tags.tag_accesses                23272817                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l200.tags.data_accesses               23272817                       # Number of data accesses
system.l200.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::cpu00.dtb.walker       436476                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::cpu00.itb.walker       809099                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total               1245575                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      1019948                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l200.WritebackDirty_hits::total        1019948                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l200.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks      2616888                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l200.WritebackClean_hits::total        2616888                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l200.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu00.data            14                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l200.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 14                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l200.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu00.data          135                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l200.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total              135                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::cpu00.data         137978                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total              137978                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu00.inst      2535390                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l200.ReadCleanReq_hits::total          2535390                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l200.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu00.data       741400                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l200.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          741400                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l200.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu00.data        49381                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l200.InvalidateReq_hits::total           49381                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::cpu00.dtb.walker       436476                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::cpu00.itb.walker       809099                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::cpu00.inst           2535390                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::cpu00.data            879378                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                4660343                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::cpu00.dtb.walker       436476                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::cpu00.itb.walker       809099                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::cpu00.inst          2535390                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::cpu00.data           879378                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total               4660343                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::cpu00.dtb.walker         1730                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::cpu00.itb.walker         1117                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total                2847                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu00.data        29425                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l200.UpgradeReq_misses::total            29425                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l200.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu00.data        24550                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l200.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          24550                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::cpu00.data       567534                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::total            567534                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu00.inst        82120                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l200.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          82120                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l200.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu00.data       707691                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l200.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        707691                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l200.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu00.data         7350                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l200.InvalidateReq_misses::total          7350                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::cpu00.dtb.walker         1730                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::cpu00.itb.walker         1117                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::cpu00.inst           82120                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::cpu00.data         1275225                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total              1360192                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::cpu00.dtb.walker         1730                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::cpu00.itb.walker         1117                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::cpu00.inst          82120                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::cpu00.data        1275225                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total             1360192                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::cpu00.dtb.walker       438206                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::cpu00.itb.walker       810216                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total           1248422                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      1019948                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      1019948                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks      2616888                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.WritebackClean_accesses::total      2616888                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu00.data        29439                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          29439                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu00.data        24685                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total        24685                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu00.data       705512                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total          705512                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu00.inst      2617510                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total      2617510                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu00.data      1449091                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      1449091                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu00.data        56731                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.InvalidateReq_accesses::total        56731                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::cpu00.dtb.walker       438206                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::cpu00.itb.walker       810216                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::cpu00.inst       2617510                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::cpu00.data       2154603                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total            6020535                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::cpu00.dtb.walker       438206                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::cpu00.itb.walker       810216                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::cpu00.inst      2617510                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::cpu00.data      2154603                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total           6020535                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu00.dtb.walker     0.003948                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu00.itb.walker     0.001379                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.002280                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.999524                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l200.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.999524                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l200.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.994531                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l200.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.994531                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.804429                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.804429                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.031373                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l200.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.031373                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l200.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.488369                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l200.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.488369                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l200.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.129559                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l200.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.129559                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::cpu00.dtb.walker     0.003948                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::cpu00.itb.walker     0.001379                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.031373                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.591861                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.225925                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::cpu00.dtb.walker     0.003948                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::cpu00.itb.walker     0.001379                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.031373                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.591861                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.225925                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks             585797                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                  585797                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.replacements                      1296772                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l201.tags.tagsinuse               14729.728341                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.tags.total_refs                   4439693                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.tags.sampled_refs                  790375                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.tags.avg_refs                    5.617198                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.tags.warmup_cycle            6747123054781500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   1722.424339                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.dtb.walker    69.274009                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.itb.walker    79.361616                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst   4135.556859                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.data   8723.111518                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.105128                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.dtb.walker     0.004228                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.itb.walker     0.004844                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.252414                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.532416                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.tags.occ_percent::total          0.899031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          176                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l201.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        14791                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l201.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          176                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l201.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        14791                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l201.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.010742                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l201.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.902771                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l201.tags.tag_accesses                10647839                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l201.tags.data_accesses               10647839                       # Number of data accesses
system.l201.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::cpu01.dtb.walker       122223                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::cpu01.itb.walker       187270                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                309493                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       993187                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l201.WritebackDirty_hits::total         993187                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l201.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks      1009085                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l201.WritebackClean_hits::total        1009085                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l201.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu01.data          6357                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l201.UpgradeReq_hits::total               6357                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l201.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu01.data          385                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l201.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total              385                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::cpu01.data          72144                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total               72144                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu01.inst       958587                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l201.ReadCleanReq_hits::total           958587                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l201.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu01.data       494998                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l201.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          494998                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l201.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu01.data         7218                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l201.InvalidateReq_hits::total            7218                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::cpu01.dtb.walker       122223                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::cpu01.itb.walker       187270                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::cpu01.inst            958587                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::cpu01.data            567142                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                1835222                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::cpu01.dtb.walker       122223                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::cpu01.itb.walker       187270                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::cpu01.inst           958587                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::cpu01.data           567142                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total               1835222                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::cpu01.dtb.walker         1847                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::cpu01.itb.walker          827                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total                2674                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu01.data        10218                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l201.UpgradeReq_misses::total            10218                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l201.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu01.data        10352                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l201.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          10352                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::cpu01.data        72701                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::total             72701                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu01.inst        54694                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l201.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          54694                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l201.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu01.data       155448                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l201.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        155448                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l201.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu01.data       487454                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l201.InvalidateReq_misses::total        487454                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::cpu01.dtb.walker         1847                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::cpu01.itb.walker          827                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::cpu01.inst           54694                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::cpu01.data          228149                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total               285517                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::cpu01.dtb.walker         1847                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::cpu01.itb.walker          827                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::cpu01.inst          54694                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::cpu01.data         228149                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total              285517                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::cpu01.dtb.walker       124070                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::cpu01.itb.walker       188097                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total            312167                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       993187                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       993187                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks      1009085                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.WritebackClean_accesses::total      1009085                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu01.data        16575                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          16575                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu01.data        10737                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total        10737                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu01.data       144845                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total          144845                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu01.inst      1013281                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total      1013281                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu01.data       650446                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       650446                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu01.data       494672                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.InvalidateReq_accesses::total       494672                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::cpu01.dtb.walker       124070                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::cpu01.itb.walker       188097                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::cpu01.inst       1013281                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::cpu01.data        795291                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total            2120739                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::cpu01.dtb.walker       124070                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::cpu01.itb.walker       188097                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::cpu01.inst      1013281                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::cpu01.data       795291                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total           2120739                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu01.dtb.walker     0.014887                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu01.itb.walker     0.004397                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.008566                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.616471                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l201.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.616471                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l201.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.964143                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l201.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.964143                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.501923                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.501923                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu01.inst     0.053977                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l201.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.053977                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l201.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.238987                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l201.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.238987                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l201.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.985409                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l201.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.985409                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::cpu01.dtb.walker     0.014887                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::cpu01.itb.walker     0.004397                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::cpu01.inst     0.053977                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.286875                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.134631                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::cpu01.dtb.walker     0.014887                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::cpu01.itb.walker     0.004397                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::cpu01.inst     0.053977                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.286875                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.134631                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks             572863                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                  572863                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.replacements                       727554                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l202.tags.tagsinuse               13743.761778                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.tags.total_refs                    961350                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.tags.sampled_refs                  123778                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.tags.avg_refs                    7.766728                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.tags.warmup_cycle            7170617697979500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   1584.140778                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.dtb.walker    65.635811                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.itb.walker    70.560307                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   4896.233434                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.data   7127.191449                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.096688                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.dtb.walker     0.004006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.itb.walker     0.004307                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.298842                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.435009                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.tags.occ_percent::total          0.838853                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          151                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l202.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        14147                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l202.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          151                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l202.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        14147                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l202.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.009216                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l202.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.863464                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l202.tags.tag_accesses                 2071718                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l202.tags.data_accesses                2071718                       # Number of data accesses
system.l202.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::cpu02.dtb.walker        26974                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::cpu02.itb.walker        57780                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                 84754                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       114388                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l202.WritebackDirty_hits::total         114388                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l202.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       222666                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l202.WritebackClean_hits::total         222666                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l202.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu02.data          1028                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l202.UpgradeReq_hits::total               1028                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l202.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu02.data          223                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l202.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total              223                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::cpu02.data          19508                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::total               19508                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu02.inst       192285                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l202.ReadCleanReq_hits::total           192285                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l202.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu02.data       110047                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l202.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          110047                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l202.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu02.data         3583                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l202.InvalidateReq_hits::total            3583                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l202.demand_hits::cpu02.dtb.walker        26974                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::cpu02.itb.walker        57780                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::cpu02.inst            192285                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::cpu02.data            129555                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                 406594                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::cpu02.dtb.walker        26974                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::cpu02.itb.walker        57780                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::cpu02.inst           192285                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::cpu02.data           129555                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                406594                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::cpu02.dtb.walker          589                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::cpu02.itb.walker          349                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total                 938                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu02.data         2980                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l202.UpgradeReq_misses::total             2980                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l202.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu02.data         4547                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l202.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           4547                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_misses::cpu02.data        13172                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_misses::total             13172                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l202.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu02.inst        30906                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l202.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          30906                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l202.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu02.data        60620                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l202.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         60620                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l202.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu02.data        11886                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l202.InvalidateReq_misses::total         11886                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::cpu02.dtb.walker          589                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::cpu02.itb.walker          349                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::cpu02.inst           30906                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::cpu02.data           73792                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total               105636                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::cpu02.dtb.walker          589                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::cpu02.itb.walker          349                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::cpu02.inst          30906                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::cpu02.data          73792                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total              105636                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::cpu02.dtb.walker        27563                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::cpu02.itb.walker        58129                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total             85692                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       114388                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       114388                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       222666                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.WritebackClean_accesses::total       222666                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu02.data         4008                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           4008                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu02.data         4770                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         4770                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu02.data        32680                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total           32680                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu02.inst       223191                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       223191                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu02.data       170667                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       170667                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu02.data        15469                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.InvalidateReq_accesses::total        15469                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::cpu02.dtb.walker        27563                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::cpu02.itb.walker        58129                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::cpu02.inst        223191                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::cpu02.data        203347                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total             512230                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::cpu02.dtb.walker        27563                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::cpu02.itb.walker        58129                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::cpu02.inst       223191                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::cpu02.data       203347                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total            512230                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu02.dtb.walker     0.021369                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu02.itb.walker     0.006004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.010946                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.743513                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l202.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.743513                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l202.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.953249                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l202.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.953249                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.403060                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.403060                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu02.inst     0.138473                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l202.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.138473                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l202.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.355195                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l202.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.355195                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l202.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.768375                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l202.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.768375                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::cpu02.dtb.walker     0.021369                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::cpu02.itb.walker     0.006004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::cpu02.inst     0.138473                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.362887                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.206228                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::cpu02.dtb.walker     0.021369                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::cpu02.itb.walker     0.006004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::cpu02.inst     0.138473                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.362887                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.206228                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks              23257                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                   23257                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.replacements                        93184                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l203.tags.tagsinuse               11728.355755                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.tags.total_refs                    252932                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.tags.sampled_refs                   37634                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.tags.avg_refs                    6.720838                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.tags.warmup_cycle            6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   1667.158815                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.dtb.walker    64.478895                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.itb.walker    57.321131                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst   4773.182522                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   5166.214392                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.101755                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.dtb.walker     0.003935                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.itb.walker     0.003499                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.291332                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.315321                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.tags.occ_percent::total          0.715842                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          130                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l203.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        12594                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l203.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          130                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l203.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        12594                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l203.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.007935                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l203.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.768677                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l203.tags.tag_accesses                  551764                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l203.tags.data_accesses                 551764                       # Number of data accesses
system.l203.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::cpu03.dtb.walker         2703                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::cpu03.itb.walker        16277                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                 18980                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        28008                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l203.WritebackDirty_hits::total          28008                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l203.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks        65721                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l203.WritebackClean_hits::total          65721                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l203.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu03.data            31                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l203.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 31                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l203.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu03.data           54                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l203.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total               54                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::cpu03.data           4902                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total                4902                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu03.inst        54361                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l203.ReadCleanReq_hits::total            54361                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l203.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu03.data        23117                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l203.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           23117                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l203.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu03.data          749                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l203.InvalidateReq_hits::total             749                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::cpu03.dtb.walker         2703                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::cpu03.itb.walker        16277                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::cpu03.inst             54361                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::cpu03.data             28019                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                 101360                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::cpu03.dtb.walker         2703                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::cpu03.itb.walker        16277                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::cpu03.inst            54361                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::cpu03.data            28019                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                101360                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::cpu03.dtb.walker          158                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::cpu03.itb.walker          115                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total                 273                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu03.data         1196                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l203.UpgradeReq_misses::total             1196                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l203.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu03.data         1275                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l203.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           1275                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_misses::cpu03.data         3730                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_misses::total              3730                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l203.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu03.inst        11876                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l203.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          11876                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l203.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu03.data        16374                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l203.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         16374                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l203.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu03.data         3963                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l203.InvalidateReq_misses::total          3963                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::cpu03.dtb.walker          158                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::cpu03.itb.walker          115                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::cpu03.inst           11876                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::cpu03.data           20104                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                32253                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::cpu03.dtb.walker          158                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::cpu03.itb.walker          115                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::cpu03.inst          11876                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::cpu03.data          20104                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total               32253                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::cpu03.dtb.walker         2861                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::cpu03.itb.walker        16392                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total             19253                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        28008                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        28008                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks        65721                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.WritebackClean_accesses::total        65721                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu03.data         1227                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           1227                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu03.data         1329                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         1329                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu03.data         8632                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total            8632                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu03.inst        66237                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        66237                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu03.data        39491                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        39491                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu03.data         4712                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.InvalidateReq_accesses::total         4712                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::cpu03.dtb.walker         2861                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::cpu03.itb.walker        16392                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::cpu03.inst         66237                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::cpu03.data         48123                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total             133613                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::cpu03.dtb.walker         2861                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::cpu03.itb.walker        16392                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::cpu03.inst        66237                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::cpu03.data        48123                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total            133613                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu03.dtb.walker     0.055225                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu03.itb.walker     0.007016                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.014180                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.974735                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l203.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.974735                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l203.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.959368                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l203.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.959368                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.432113                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.432113                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu03.inst     0.179296                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l203.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.179296                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l203.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.414626                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l203.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.414626                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l203.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.841044                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l203.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.841044                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::cpu03.dtb.walker     0.055225                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::cpu03.itb.walker     0.007016                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::cpu03.inst     0.179296                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.417763                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.241391                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::cpu03.dtb.walker     0.055225                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::cpu03.itb.walker     0.007016                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::cpu03.inst     0.179296                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.417763                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.241391                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks               4020                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                    4020                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.replacements                        18273                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l204.tags.tagsinuse               13054.927936                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.tags.total_refs                   1082688                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.tags.sampled_refs                  104767                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.tags.avg_refs                   10.334246                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.tags.warmup_cycle            6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   1420.469251                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.dtb.walker    76.312537                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.itb.walker    86.707110                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst   4746.213652                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.data   6725.225386                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.086699                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.dtb.walker     0.004658                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.itb.walker     0.005292                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.289686                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.410475                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.tags.occ_percent::total          0.796810                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          149                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l204.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        13951                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l204.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          149                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l204.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        13951                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l204.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.009094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l204.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.851501                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l204.tags.tag_accesses                 2294483                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l204.tags.data_accesses                2294483                       # Number of data accesses
system.l204.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::cpu04.dtb.walker        40890                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::cpu04.itb.walker        80361                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                121251                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        99745                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l204.WritebackDirty_hits::total          99745                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l204.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       282916                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l204.WritebackClean_hits::total         282916                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l204.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu04.data           535                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l204.UpgradeReq_hits::total                535                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l204.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu04.data          154                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l204.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total              154                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::cpu04.data          20235                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total               20235                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu04.inst       258959                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l204.ReadCleanReq_hits::total           258959                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l204.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu04.data       104447                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l204.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          104447                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l204.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu04.data         4903                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l204.InvalidateReq_hits::total            4903                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::cpu04.dtb.walker        40890                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::cpu04.itb.walker        80361                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::cpu04.inst            258959                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::cpu04.data            124682                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                 504892                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::cpu04.dtb.walker        40890                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::cpu04.itb.walker        80361                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::cpu04.inst           258959                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::cpu04.data           124682                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                504892                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::cpu04.dtb.walker          547                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::cpu04.itb.walker          310                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total                 857                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu04.data         3884                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l204.UpgradeReq_misses::total             3884                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l204.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu04.data         5668                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l204.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           5668                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_misses::cpu04.data        11355                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_misses::total             11355                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l204.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu04.inst        24473                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l204.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          24473                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l204.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu04.data        48652                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l204.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         48652                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l204.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu04.data        11430                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l204.InvalidateReq_misses::total         11430                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::cpu04.dtb.walker          547                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::cpu04.itb.walker          310                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::cpu04.inst           24473                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::cpu04.data           60007                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                85337                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::cpu04.dtb.walker          547                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::cpu04.itb.walker          310                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::cpu04.inst          24473                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::cpu04.data          60007                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total               85337                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::cpu04.dtb.walker        41437                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::cpu04.itb.walker        80671                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total            122108                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        99745                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        99745                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       282916                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.WritebackClean_accesses::total       282916                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu04.data         4419                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           4419                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu04.data         5822                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         5822                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu04.data        31590                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total           31590                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu04.inst       283432                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       283432                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu04.data       153099                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       153099                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu04.data        16333                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.InvalidateReq_accesses::total        16333                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::cpu04.dtb.walker        41437                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::cpu04.itb.walker        80671                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::cpu04.inst        283432                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::cpu04.data        184689                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total             590229                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::cpu04.dtb.walker        41437                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::cpu04.itb.walker        80671                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::cpu04.inst       283432                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::cpu04.data       184689                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total            590229                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu04.dtb.walker     0.013201                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu04.itb.walker     0.003843                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.007018                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.878932                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l204.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.878932                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l204.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.973549                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l204.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.973549                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.359449                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.359449                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu04.inst     0.086345                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l204.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.086345                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l204.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.317781                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l204.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.317781                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l204.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.699810                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l204.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.699810                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::cpu04.dtb.walker     0.013201                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::cpu04.itb.walker     0.003843                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::cpu04.inst     0.086345                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.324908                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.144583                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::cpu04.dtb.walker     0.013201                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::cpu04.itb.walker     0.003843                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::cpu04.inst     0.086345                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.324908                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.144583                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks              16053                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                   16053                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.replacements                        67228                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l205.tags.tagsinuse               12694.109329                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.tags.total_refs                    790603                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.tags.sampled_refs                  117529                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.tags.avg_refs                    6.726876                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.tags.warmup_cycle            7170629476644500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   1904.100572                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.tags.occ_blocks::cpu05.dtb.walker    58.428717                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.tags.occ_blocks::cpu05.itb.walker    54.878233                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.tags.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   4147.701330                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.tags.occ_blocks::cpu05.data   6529.000478                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.116217                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.tags.occ_percent::cpu05.dtb.walker     0.003566                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.tags.occ_percent::cpu05.itb.walker     0.003350                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.tags.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.253156                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.tags.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.398499                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.tags.occ_percent::total          0.774787                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          121                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l205.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        14315                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l205.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          121                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l205.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        14315                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l205.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.007385                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l205.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.873718                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l205.tags.tag_accesses                 1719075                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l205.tags.data_accesses                1719075                       # Number of data accesses
system.l205.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::cpu05.dtb.walker        30002                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::cpu05.itb.walker        35476                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                 65478                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       104311                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l205.WritebackDirty_hits::total         104311                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l205.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       150922                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l205.WritebackClean_hits::total         150922                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l205.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu05.data           505                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l205.UpgradeReq_hits::total                505                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l205.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu05.data          176                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l205.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total              176                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::cpu05.data          18231                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total               18231                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu05.inst       127072                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l205.ReadCleanReq_hits::total           127072                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l205.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu05.data       105056                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l205.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          105056                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l205.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu05.data         3614                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l205.InvalidateReq_hits::total            3614                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::cpu05.dtb.walker        30002                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::cpu05.itb.walker        35476                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::cpu05.inst            127072                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::cpu05.data            123287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                 315837                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::cpu05.dtb.walker        30002                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::cpu05.itb.walker        35476                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::cpu05.inst           127072                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::cpu05.data           123287                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                315837                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::cpu05.dtb.walker          464                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::cpu05.itb.walker          389                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total                 853                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu05.data         3166                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l205.UpgradeReq_misses::total             3166                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l205.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu05.data         5660                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l205.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           5660                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_misses::cpu05.data        12976                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_misses::total             12976                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l205.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu05.inst        24369                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l205.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          24369                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l205.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu05.data        63901                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l205.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         63901                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l205.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu05.data         9699                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l205.InvalidateReq_misses::total          9699                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::cpu05.dtb.walker          464                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::cpu05.itb.walker          389                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::cpu05.inst           24369                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::cpu05.data           76877                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total               102099                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::cpu05.dtb.walker          464                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::cpu05.itb.walker          389                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::cpu05.inst          24369                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::cpu05.data          76877                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total              102099                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::cpu05.dtb.walker        30466                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::cpu05.itb.walker        35865                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total             66331                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       104311                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       104311                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       150922                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.WritebackClean_accesses::total       150922                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu05.data         3671                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           3671                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu05.data         5836                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         5836                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu05.data        31207                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total           31207                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu05.inst       151441                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       151441                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu05.data       168957                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       168957                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu05.data        13313                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.InvalidateReq_accesses::total        13313                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::cpu05.dtb.walker        30466                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::cpu05.itb.walker        35865                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::cpu05.inst        151441                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::cpu05.data        200164                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total             417936                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::cpu05.dtb.walker        30466                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::cpu05.itb.walker        35865                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::cpu05.inst       151441                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::cpu05.data       200164                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total            417936                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu05.dtb.walker     0.015230                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu05.itb.walker     0.010846                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.012860                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.862435                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l205.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.862435                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l205.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.969842                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l205.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.969842                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.415804                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.415804                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu05.inst     0.160914                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l205.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.160914                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l205.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.378209                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l205.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.378209                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l205.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.728536                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l205.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.728536                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::cpu05.dtb.walker     0.015230                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::cpu05.itb.walker     0.010846                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::cpu05.inst     0.160914                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.384070                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.244293                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::cpu05.dtb.walker     0.015230                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::cpu05.itb.walker     0.010846                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::cpu05.inst     0.160914                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.384070                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.244293                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks              21818                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                   21818                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.replacements                        85513                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l206.tags.tagsinuse               11461.510128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.tags.total_refs                    309710                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.tags.sampled_refs                   40516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.tags.avg_refs                    7.644141                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.tags.warmup_cycle            6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   1809.177822                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.dtb.walker    50.685015                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.itb.walker    53.406487                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst   4376.715540                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.data   5171.525264                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.110423                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.dtb.walker     0.003094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.itb.walker     0.003260                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.267134                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.315645                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.tags.occ_percent::total          0.699555                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          111                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l206.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        12366                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l206.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          111                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l206.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        12366                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l206.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.006775                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l206.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.754761                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l206.tags.tag_accesses                  668910                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l206.tags.data_accesses                 668910                       # Number of data accesses
system.l206.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::cpu06.dtb.walker         3083                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::cpu06.itb.walker        20304                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                 23387                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        34969                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l206.WritebackDirty_hits::total          34969                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l206.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks        79097                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l206.WritebackClean_hits::total          79097                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l206.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu06.data            37                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l206.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 37                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l206.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu06.data           42                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l206.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total               42                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::cpu06.data           6865                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::total                6865                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu06.inst        67793                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l206.ReadCleanReq_hits::total            67793                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l206.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu06.data        31261                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l206.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           31261                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l206.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu06.data         2269                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l206.InvalidateReq_hits::total            2269                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l206.demand_hits::cpu06.dtb.walker         3083                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::cpu06.itb.walker        20304                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::cpu06.inst             67793                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::cpu06.data             38126                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                 129306                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::cpu06.dtb.walker         3083                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::cpu06.itb.walker        20304                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::cpu06.inst            67793                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::cpu06.data            38126                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                129306                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::cpu06.dtb.walker          168                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::cpu06.itb.walker          113                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total                 281                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu06.data         1717                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l206.UpgradeReq_misses::total             1717                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l206.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu06.data         1690                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l206.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           1690                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::cpu06.data         3547                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::total              3547                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu06.inst        11824                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l206.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          11824                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l206.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu06.data        17443                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l206.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         17443                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l206.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu06.data         4198                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l206.InvalidateReq_misses::total          4198                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::cpu06.dtb.walker          168                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::cpu06.itb.walker          113                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::cpu06.inst           11824                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::cpu06.data           20990                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                33095                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::cpu06.dtb.walker          168                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::cpu06.itb.walker          113                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::cpu06.inst          11824                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::cpu06.data          20990                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total               33095                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::cpu06.dtb.walker         3251                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::cpu06.itb.walker        20417                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total             23668                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        34969                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        34969                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks        79097                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.WritebackClean_accesses::total        79097                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu06.data         1754                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           1754                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu06.data         1732                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         1732                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu06.data        10412                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total           10412                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu06.inst        79617                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        79617                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu06.data        48704                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        48704                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu06.data         6467                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.InvalidateReq_accesses::total         6467                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::cpu06.dtb.walker         3251                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::cpu06.itb.walker        20417                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::cpu06.inst         79617                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::cpu06.data         59116                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total             162401                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::cpu06.dtb.walker         3251                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::cpu06.itb.walker        20417                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::cpu06.inst        79617                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::cpu06.data        59116                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total            162401                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu06.dtb.walker     0.051676                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu06.itb.walker     0.005535                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.011873                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.978905                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l206.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.978905                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l206.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.975751                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l206.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.975751                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.340665                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.340665                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu06.inst     0.148511                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l206.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.148511                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l206.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.358143                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l206.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.358143                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l206.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.649142                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l206.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.649142                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::cpu06.dtb.walker     0.051676                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::cpu06.itb.walker     0.005535                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::cpu06.inst     0.148511                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.355065                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.203786                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::cpu06.dtb.walker     0.051676                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::cpu06.itb.walker     0.005535                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::cpu06.inst     0.148511                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.355065                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.203786                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks               5432                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                    5432                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.replacements                        20926                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l207.tags.tagsinuse               13523.690173                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.tags.total_refs                   1312127                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.tags.sampled_refs                  160623                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.tags.avg_refs                    8.168986                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.tags.warmup_cycle            6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   2168.931276                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.dtb.walker    60.413166                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.itb.walker    70.572323                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst   4906.165602                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   6317.607806                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.132381                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.dtb.walker     0.003687                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.itb.walker     0.004307                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.299449                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.385596                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.tags.occ_percent::total          0.825421                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          139                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l207.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        14579                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l207.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          139                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l207.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        14579                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l207.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.008484                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l207.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.889832                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l207.tags.tag_accesses                 2824415                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l207.tags.data_accesses                2824415                       # Number of data accesses
system.l207.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::cpu07.dtb.walker        29400                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::cpu07.itb.walker        69249                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                 98649                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       147461                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l207.WritebackDirty_hits::total         147461                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l207.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       325450                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l207.WritebackClean_hits::total         325450                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l207.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu07.data          1032                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l207.UpgradeReq_hits::total               1032                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l207.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu07.data          279                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l207.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total              279                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::cpu07.data          24987                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total               24987                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu07.inst       289911                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l207.ReadCleanReq_hits::total           289911                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l207.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu07.data       140651                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l207.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          140651                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l207.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu07.data         4105                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l207.InvalidateReq_hits::total            4105                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::cpu07.dtb.walker        29400                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::cpu07.itb.walker        69249                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::cpu07.inst            289911                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::cpu07.data            165638                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                 554198                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::cpu07.dtb.walker        29400                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::cpu07.itb.walker        69249                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::cpu07.inst           289911                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::cpu07.data           165638                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                554198                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::cpu07.dtb.walker          643                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::cpu07.itb.walker          512                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total                1155                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu07.data         9822                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l207.UpgradeReq_misses::total             9822                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l207.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu07.data         7091                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l207.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           7091                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_misses::cpu07.data        20703                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_misses::total             20703                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l207.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu07.inst        36061                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l207.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          36061                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l207.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu07.data        77505                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l207.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         77505                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l207.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu07.data        18926                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l207.InvalidateReq_misses::total         18926                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::cpu07.dtb.walker          643                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::cpu07.itb.walker          512                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::cpu07.inst           36061                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::cpu07.data           98208                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total               135424                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::cpu07.dtb.walker          643                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::cpu07.itb.walker          512                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::cpu07.inst          36061                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::cpu07.data          98208                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total              135424                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::cpu07.dtb.walker        30043                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::cpu07.itb.walker        69761                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total             99804                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       147461                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       147461                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       325450                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.WritebackClean_accesses::total       325450                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu07.data        10854                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          10854                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu07.data         7370                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         7370                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu07.data        45690                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total           45690                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu07.inst       325972                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       325972                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu07.data       218156                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       218156                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu07.data        23031                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.InvalidateReq_accesses::total        23031                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::cpu07.dtb.walker        30043                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::cpu07.itb.walker        69761                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::cpu07.inst        325972                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::cpu07.data        263846                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total             689622                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::cpu07.dtb.walker        30043                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::cpu07.itb.walker        69761                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::cpu07.inst       325972                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::cpu07.data       263846                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total            689622                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu07.dtb.walker     0.021403                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu07.itb.walker     0.007339                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.011573                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.904920                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l207.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.904920                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l207.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.962144                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l207.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.962144                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.453119                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.453119                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu07.inst     0.110626                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l207.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.110626                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l207.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.355273                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l207.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.355273                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l207.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.821762                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l207.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.821762                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::cpu07.dtb.walker     0.021403                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::cpu07.itb.walker     0.007339                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::cpu07.inst     0.110626                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.372217                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.196374                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::cpu07.dtb.walker     0.021403                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::cpu07.itb.walker     0.007339                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::cpu07.inst     0.110626                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.372217                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.196374                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks              31890                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                   31890                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.replacements                       110177                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l208.tags.tagsinuse               13333.091739                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.tags.total_refs                  15179798                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.tags.sampled_refs                  504644                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.tags.avg_refs                   30.080211                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.tags.warmup_cycle            6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   1381.783904                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.dtb.walker   119.977963                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.itb.walker   109.431727                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst   5207.088978                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.data   6514.809167                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.084337                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.dtb.walker     0.007323                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.itb.walker     0.006679                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.317815                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.397632                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.tags.occ_percent::total          0.813787                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          265                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l208.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        14527                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l208.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          265                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l208.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        14527                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l208.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.016174                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l208.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.886658                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l208.tags.tag_accesses                30963998                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l208.tags.data_accesses               30963998                       # Number of data accesses
system.l208.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::cpu08.dtb.walker       824794                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::cpu08.itb.walker      1467937                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total               2292731                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       754938                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l208.WritebackDirty_hits::total         754938                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l208.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks      4638678                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l208.WritebackClean_hits::total        4638678                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l208.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu08.data          1019                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l208.UpgradeReq_hits::total               1019                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l208.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu08.data          327                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l208.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total              327                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::cpu08.data         223329                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total              223329                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu08.inst      4542294                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l208.ReadCleanReq_hits::total          4542294                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l208.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu08.data      1213286                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l208.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         1213286                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l208.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu08.data        74313                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l208.InvalidateReq_hits::total           74313                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::cpu08.dtb.walker       824794                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::cpu08.itb.walker      1467937                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::cpu08.inst           4542294                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::cpu08.data           1436615                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                8271640                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::cpu08.dtb.walker       824794                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::cpu08.itb.walker      1467937                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::cpu08.inst          4542294                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::cpu08.data          1436615                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total               8271640                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::cpu08.dtb.walker        11323                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::cpu08.itb.walker          720                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total               12043                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu08.data        43540                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l208.UpgradeReq_misses::total            43540                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l208.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu08.data        49002                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l208.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          49002                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::cpu08.data        29417                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::total             29417                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu08.inst        96904                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l208.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          96904                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l208.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu08.data       233674                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l208.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        233674                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l208.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu08.data        30431                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l208.InvalidateReq_misses::total         30431                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::cpu08.dtb.walker        11323                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::cpu08.itb.walker          720                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::cpu08.inst           96904                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::cpu08.data          263091                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total               372038                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::cpu08.dtb.walker        11323                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::cpu08.itb.walker          720                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::cpu08.inst          96904                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::cpu08.data         263091                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total              372038                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::cpu08.dtb.walker       836117                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::cpu08.itb.walker      1468657                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total           2304774                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       754938                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       754938                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks      4638678                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.WritebackClean_accesses::total      4638678                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu08.data        44559                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          44559                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu08.data        49329                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total        49329                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu08.data       252746                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total          252746                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu08.inst      4639198                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total      4639198                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu08.data      1446960                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      1446960                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu08.data       104744                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.InvalidateReq_accesses::total       104744                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::cpu08.dtb.walker       836117                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::cpu08.itb.walker      1468657                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::cpu08.inst       4639198                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::cpu08.data       1699706                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total            8643678                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::cpu08.dtb.walker       836117                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::cpu08.itb.walker      1468657                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::cpu08.inst      4639198                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::cpu08.data      1699706                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total           8643678                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu08.dtb.walker     0.013542                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu08.itb.walker     0.000490                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.005225                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.977131                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l208.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.977131                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l208.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.993371                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l208.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.993371                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.116390                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.116390                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu08.inst     0.020888                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l208.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.020888                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l208.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.161493                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l208.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.161493                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l208.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.290527                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l208.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.290527                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::cpu08.dtb.walker     0.013542                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::cpu08.itb.walker     0.000490                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::cpu08.inst     0.020888                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.154786                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.043042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::cpu08.dtb.walker     0.013542                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::cpu08.itb.walker     0.000490                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::cpu08.inst     0.020888                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.154786                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.043042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks              61000                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                   61000                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.replacements                       289169                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l209.tags.tagsinuse               13780.444707                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.tags.total_refs                    692482                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.tags.sampled_refs                  100949                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.tags.avg_refs                    6.859721                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.tags.warmup_cycle            6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   2803.805547                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.dtb.walker    72.075034                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.itb.walker    63.170759                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst   4517.837415                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.data   6323.555951                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.171131                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.dtb.walker     0.004399                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.itb.walker     0.003856                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.275747                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.385959                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.tags.occ_percent::total          0.841092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          142                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l209.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        13993                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l209.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          142                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l209.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        13993                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l209.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.008667                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l209.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.854065                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l209.tags.tag_accesses                 1505197                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l209.tags.data_accesses                1505197                       # Number of data accesses
system.l209.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::cpu09.dtb.walker         9536                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::cpu09.itb.walker        36450                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                 45986                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        93521                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l209.WritebackDirty_hits::total          93521                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l209.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       158633                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l209.WritebackClean_hits::total         158633                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l209.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu09.data           987                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l209.UpgradeReq_hits::total                987                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l209.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu09.data          258                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l209.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total              258                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::cpu09.data          15000                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total               15000                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu09.inst       133370                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l209.ReadCleanReq_hits::total           133370                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l209.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu09.data        78312                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l209.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           78312                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l209.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu09.data         4343                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l209.InvalidateReq_hits::total            4343                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::cpu09.dtb.walker         9536                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::cpu09.itb.walker        36450                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::cpu09.inst            133370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::cpu09.data             93312                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                 272668                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::cpu09.dtb.walker         9536                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::cpu09.itb.walker        36450                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::cpu09.inst           133370                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::cpu09.data            93312                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                272668                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::cpu09.dtb.walker          512                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::cpu09.itb.walker          303                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total                 815                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu09.data         4419                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l209.UpgradeReq_misses::total             4419                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l209.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu09.data         5554                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l209.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           5554                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::cpu09.data        11238                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::total             11238                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu09.inst        25791                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l209.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          25791                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l209.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu09.data        47465                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l209.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         47465                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l209.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu09.data         9207                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l209.InvalidateReq_misses::total          9207                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::cpu09.dtb.walker          512                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::cpu09.itb.walker          303                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::cpu09.inst           25791                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::cpu09.data           58703                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                85309                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::cpu09.dtb.walker          512                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::cpu09.itb.walker          303                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::cpu09.inst          25791                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::cpu09.data          58703                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total               85309                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::cpu09.dtb.walker        10048                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::cpu09.itb.walker        36753                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total             46801                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        93521                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        93521                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       158633                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.WritebackClean_accesses::total       158633                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu09.data         5406                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           5406                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu09.data         5812                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         5812                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu09.data        26238                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total           26238                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu09.inst       159161                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       159161                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu09.data       125777                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       125777                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu09.data        13550                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.InvalidateReq_accesses::total        13550                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::cpu09.dtb.walker        10048                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::cpu09.itb.walker        36753                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::cpu09.inst        159161                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::cpu09.data        152015                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total             357977                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::cpu09.dtb.walker        10048                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::cpu09.itb.walker        36753                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::cpu09.inst       159161                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::cpu09.data       152015                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total            357977                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu09.dtb.walker     0.050955                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu09.itb.walker     0.008244                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.017414                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.817425                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l209.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.817425                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l209.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.955609                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l209.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.955609                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.428310                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.428310                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu09.inst     0.162043                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l209.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.162043                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l209.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.377374                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l209.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.377374                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l209.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.679483                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l209.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.679483                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::cpu09.dtb.walker     0.050955                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::cpu09.itb.walker     0.008244                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::cpu09.inst     0.162043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.386166                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.238309                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::cpu09.dtb.walker     0.050955                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::cpu09.itb.walker     0.008244                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::cpu09.inst     0.162043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.386166                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.238309                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks              18625                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                   18625                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.replacements                        67716                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l210.tags.tagsinuse                9372.554275                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.tags.total_refs                    624326                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.tags.sampled_refs                   62472                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.tags.avg_refs                    9.993693                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.tags.warmup_cycle            10891352465059500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    782.874692                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.tags.occ_blocks::cpu10.dtb.walker    59.166526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.tags.occ_blocks::cpu10.itb.walker    65.660399                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.tags.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst   3655.977369                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.tags.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   4808.875288                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.047783                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.tags.occ_percent::cpu10.dtb.walker     0.003611                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.tags.occ_percent::cpu10.itb.walker     0.004008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.tags.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.223143                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.tags.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.293510                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.tags.occ_percent::total          0.572055                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          173                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l210.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        12815                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l210.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          173                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l210.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        12815                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l210.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.010559                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l210.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.782166                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l210.tags.tag_accesses                 1320606                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l210.tags.data_accesses                1320606                       # Number of data accesses
system.l210.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::cpu10.dtb.walker        23053                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::cpu10.itb.walker        30580                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                 53633                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        59970                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l210.WritebackDirty_hits::total          59970                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l210.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       167130                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l210.WritebackClean_hits::total         167130                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l210.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu10.data            33                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l210.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 33                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l210.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu10.data           48                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l210.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total               48                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::cpu10.data          11314                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total               11314                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu10.inst       151240                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l210.ReadCleanReq_hits::total           151240                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l210.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu10.data        64721                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l210.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           64721                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l210.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu10.data          629                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l210.InvalidateReq_hits::total             629                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::cpu10.dtb.walker        23053                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::cpu10.itb.walker        30580                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::cpu10.inst            151240                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::cpu10.data             76035                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                 280908                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::cpu10.dtb.walker        23053                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::cpu10.itb.walker        30580                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::cpu10.inst           151240                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::cpu10.data            76035                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                280908                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::cpu10.dtb.walker          345                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::cpu10.itb.walker          333                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total                 678                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu10.data         3700                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l210.UpgradeReq_misses::total             3700                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l210.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu10.data         1643                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l210.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           1643                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_misses::cpu10.data         8467                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_misses::total              8467                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l210.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu10.inst        16403                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l210.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          16403                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l210.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu10.data        30424                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l210.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         30424                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l210.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu10.data         4228                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l210.InvalidateReq_misses::total          4228                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::cpu10.dtb.walker          345                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::cpu10.itb.walker          333                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::cpu10.inst           16403                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::cpu10.data           38891                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                55972                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::cpu10.dtb.walker          345                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::cpu10.itb.walker          333                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::cpu10.inst          16403                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::cpu10.data          38891                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total               55972                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::cpu10.dtb.walker        23398                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::cpu10.itb.walker        30913                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total             54311                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        59970                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        59970                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       167130                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.WritebackClean_accesses::total       167130                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu10.data         3733                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           3733                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu10.data         1691                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         1691                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu10.data        19781                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total           19781                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu10.inst       167643                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       167643                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu10.data        95145                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        95145                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu10.data         4857                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.InvalidateReq_accesses::total         4857                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::cpu10.dtb.walker        23398                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::cpu10.itb.walker        30913                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::cpu10.inst        167643                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::cpu10.data        114926                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total             336880                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::cpu10.dtb.walker        23398                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::cpu10.itb.walker        30913                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::cpu10.inst       167643                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::cpu10.data       114926                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total            336880                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu10.dtb.walker     0.014745                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu10.itb.walker     0.010772                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.012484                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.991160                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l210.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.991160                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l210.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.971614                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l210.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.971614                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.428037                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.428037                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu10.inst     0.097845                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l210.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.097845                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l210.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.319765                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l210.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.319765                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l210.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.870496                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l210.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.870496                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::cpu10.dtb.walker     0.014745                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::cpu10.itb.walker     0.010772                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::cpu10.inst     0.097845                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.338400                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.166148                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::cpu10.dtb.walker     0.014745                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::cpu10.itb.walker     0.010772                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::cpu10.inst     0.097845                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.338400                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.166148                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks               9960                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                    9960                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.replacements                        40070                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l211.tags.tagsinuse               11092.695907                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.tags.total_refs                    207887                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.tags.sampled_refs                   35505                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.tags.avg_refs                    5.855147                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.tags.warmup_cycle            7170627676374000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   1306.973502                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.dtb.walker    53.463380                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.itb.walker    64.428833                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   4426.994264                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   5240.835929                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.079771                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.dtb.walker     0.003263                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.itb.walker     0.003932                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.270202                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.319875                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.tags.occ_percent::total          0.677044                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          118                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l211.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        12580                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l211.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          118                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l211.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        12580                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l211.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.007202                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l211.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.767822                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l211.tags.tag_accesses                  456715                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l211.tags.data_accesses                 456715                       # Number of data accesses
system.l211.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::cpu11.dtb.walker         4480                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::cpu11.itb.walker        10491                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                 14971                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        27658                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l211.WritebackDirty_hits::total          27658                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l211.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks        47761                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l211.WritebackClean_hits::total          47761                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l211.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu11.data           465                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l211.UpgradeReq_hits::total                465                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l211.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu11.data           92                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l211.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total               92                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::cpu11.data           3549                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::total                3549                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu11.inst        37790                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l211.ReadCleanReq_hits::total            37790                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l211.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu11.data        21015                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l211.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           21015                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l211.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu11.data          465                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l211.InvalidateReq_hits::total             465                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l211.demand_hits::cpu11.dtb.walker         4480                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::cpu11.itb.walker        10491                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::cpu11.inst             37790                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::cpu11.data             24564                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                  77325                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::cpu11.dtb.walker         4480                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::cpu11.itb.walker        10491                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::cpu11.inst            37790                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::cpu11.data            24564                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                 77325                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::cpu11.dtb.walker          165                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::cpu11.itb.walker          130                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total                 295                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu11.data         1336                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l211.UpgradeReq_misses::total             1336                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l211.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu11.data         1723                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l211.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           1723                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::cpu11.data         5577                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::total              5577                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu11.inst        10485                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l211.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          10485                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l211.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu11.data        15494                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l211.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         15494                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l211.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu11.data         2603                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l211.InvalidateReq_misses::total          2603                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::cpu11.dtb.walker          165                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::cpu11.itb.walker          130                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::cpu11.inst           10485                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::cpu11.data           21071                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                31851                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::cpu11.dtb.walker          165                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::cpu11.itb.walker          130                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::cpu11.inst          10485                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::cpu11.data          21071                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total               31851                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::cpu11.dtb.walker         4645                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::cpu11.itb.walker        10621                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total             15266                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        27658                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        27658                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks        47761                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.WritebackClean_accesses::total        47761                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu11.data         1801                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           1801                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu11.data         1815                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         1815                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu11.data         9126                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total            9126                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu11.inst        48275                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        48275                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu11.data        36509                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        36509                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu11.data         3068                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.InvalidateReq_accesses::total         3068                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::cpu11.dtb.walker         4645                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::cpu11.itb.walker        10621                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::cpu11.inst         48275                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::cpu11.data         45635                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total             109176                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::cpu11.dtb.walker         4645                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::cpu11.itb.walker        10621                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::cpu11.inst        48275                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::cpu11.data        45635                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total            109176                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu11.dtb.walker     0.035522                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu11.itb.walker     0.012240                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.019324                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.741810                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l211.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.741810                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l211.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.949311                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l211.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.949311                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.611111                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.611111                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu11.inst     0.217193                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l211.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.217193                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l211.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.424389                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l211.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.424389                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l211.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.848435                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l211.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.848435                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::cpu11.dtb.walker     0.035522                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::cpu11.itb.walker     0.012240                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::cpu11.inst     0.217193                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.461729                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.291740                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::cpu11.dtb.walker     0.035522                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::cpu11.itb.walker     0.012240                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::cpu11.inst     0.217193                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.461729                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.291740                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks               3993                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                    3993                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.replacements                        15634                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l212.tags.tagsinuse               12441.867587                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.tags.total_refs                   1118756                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.tags.sampled_refs                  166022                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.tags.avg_refs                    6.738601                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.tags.warmup_cycle            7170627973107000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   1678.820989                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.dtb.walker    50.906127                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.itb.walker    65.451703                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst   4419.580858                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.data   6227.107910                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.102467                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.dtb.walker     0.003107                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.itb.walker     0.003995                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.269750                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.380073                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.tags.occ_percent::total          0.759391                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l212.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        13530                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l212.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l212.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        13530                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l212.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.007812                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l212.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.825806                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l212.tags.tag_accesses                 2433816                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l212.tags.data_accesses                2433816                       # Number of data accesses
system.l212.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::cpu12.dtb.walker        53704                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::cpu12.itb.walker        46761                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                100465                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       150055                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l212.WritebackDirty_hits::total         150055                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l212.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       196702                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l212.WritebackClean_hits::total         196702                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l212.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu12.data           140                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l212.UpgradeReq_hits::total                140                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l212.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu12.data          222                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l212.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total              222                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::cpu12.data          28282                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total               28282                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu12.inst       165859                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l212.ReadCleanReq_hits::total           165859                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l212.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu12.data       156263                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l212.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          156263                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l212.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu12.data         3077                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l212.InvalidateReq_hits::total            3077                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::cpu12.dtb.walker        53704                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::cpu12.itb.walker        46761                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::cpu12.inst            165859                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::cpu12.data            184545                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                 450869                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::cpu12.dtb.walker        53704                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::cpu12.itb.walker        46761                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::cpu12.inst           165859                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::cpu12.data           184545                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                450869                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::cpu12.dtb.walker          541                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::cpu12.itb.walker          505                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total                1046                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu12.data         2767                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l212.UpgradeReq_misses::total             2767                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l212.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu12.data         8399                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l212.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           8399                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::cpu12.data        19153                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::total             19153                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu12.inst        31358                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l212.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          31358                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l212.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu12.data        93880                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l212.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         93880                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l212.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu12.data        14626                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l212.InvalidateReq_misses::total         14626                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::cpu12.dtb.walker          541                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::cpu12.itb.walker          505                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::cpu12.inst           31358                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::cpu12.data          113033                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total               145437                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::cpu12.dtb.walker          541                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::cpu12.itb.walker          505                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::cpu12.inst          31358                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::cpu12.data         113033                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total              145437                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::cpu12.dtb.walker        54245                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::cpu12.itb.walker        47266                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total            101511                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       150055                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       150055                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       196702                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.WritebackClean_accesses::total       196702                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu12.data         2907                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           2907                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu12.data         8621                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         8621                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu12.data        47435                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total           47435                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu12.inst       197217                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       197217                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu12.data       250143                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       250143                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu12.data        17703                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.InvalidateReq_accesses::total        17703                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::cpu12.dtb.walker        54245                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::cpu12.itb.walker        47266                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::cpu12.inst        197217                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::cpu12.data        297578                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total             596306                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::cpu12.dtb.walker        54245                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::cpu12.itb.walker        47266                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::cpu12.inst       197217                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::cpu12.data       297578                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total            596306                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu12.dtb.walker     0.009973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu12.itb.walker     0.010684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.010304                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.951840                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l212.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.951840                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l212.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.974249                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l212.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.974249                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.403774                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.403774                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu12.inst     0.159003                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l212.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.159003                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l212.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.375305                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l212.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.375305                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l212.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.826188                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l212.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.826188                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::cpu12.dtb.walker     0.009973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::cpu12.itb.walker     0.010684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::cpu12.inst     0.159003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.379843                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.243897                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::cpu12.dtb.walker     0.009973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::cpu12.itb.walker     0.010684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::cpu12.inst     0.159003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.379843                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.243897                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks              32439                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                   32439                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.replacements                       130691                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l213.tags.tagsinuse               13059.741802                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.tags.total_refs                   7135078                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.tags.sampled_refs                  242769                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.tags.avg_refs                   29.390400                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.tags.warmup_cycle            6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   1575.595921                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.dtb.walker   116.191854                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.itb.walker   133.507416                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst   5570.519901                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.data   5663.926710                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.096167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.dtb.walker     0.007092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.itb.walker     0.008149                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.339998                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.345699                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.tags.occ_percent::total          0.797103                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          253                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l213.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        13580                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l213.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          253                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l213.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        13580                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l213.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.015442                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l213.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.828857                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l213.tags.tag_accesses                14558683                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l213.tags.data_accesses               14558683                       # Number of data accesses
system.l213.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::cpu13.dtb.walker       359893                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::cpu13.itb.walker       684229                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total               1044122                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       365228                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l213.WritebackDirty_hits::total         365228                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l213.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks      2191489                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l213.WritebackClean_hits::total        2191489                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l213.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu13.data          1377                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l213.UpgradeReq_hits::total               1377                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l213.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu13.data          144                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l213.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total              144                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::cpu13.data         112304                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total              112304                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu13.inst      2138152                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l213.ReadCleanReq_hits::total          2138152                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l213.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu13.data       571321                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l213.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          571321                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l213.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu13.data        34320                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l213.InvalidateReq_hits::total           34320                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::cpu13.dtb.walker       359893                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::cpu13.itb.walker       684229                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::cpu13.inst           2138152                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::cpu13.data            683625                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                3865899                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::cpu13.dtb.walker       359893                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::cpu13.itb.walker       684229                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::cpu13.inst          2138152                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::cpu13.data           683625                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total               3865899                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::cpu13.dtb.walker         4350                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::cpu13.itb.walker          585                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total                4935                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu13.data        23291                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l213.UpgradeReq_misses::total            23291                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l213.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu13.data        22931                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l213.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          22931                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::cpu13.data        13531                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::total             13531                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu13.inst        53855                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l213.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          53855                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l213.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu13.data       108357                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l213.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        108357                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l213.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu13.data        14862                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l213.InvalidateReq_misses::total         14862                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::cpu13.dtb.walker         4350                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::cpu13.itb.walker          585                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::cpu13.inst           53855                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::cpu13.data          121888                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total               180678                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::cpu13.dtb.walker         4350                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::cpu13.itb.walker          585                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::cpu13.inst          53855                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::cpu13.data         121888                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total              180678                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::cpu13.dtb.walker       364243                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::cpu13.itb.walker       684814                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total           1049057                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       365228                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       365228                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks      2191489                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.WritebackClean_accesses::total      2191489                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu13.data        24668                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          24668                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu13.data        23075                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total        23075                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu13.data       125835                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total          125835                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu13.inst      2192007                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total      2192007                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu13.data       679678                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       679678                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu13.data        49182                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.InvalidateReq_accesses::total        49182                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::cpu13.dtb.walker       364243                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::cpu13.itb.walker       684814                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::cpu13.inst       2192007                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::cpu13.data        805513                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total            4046577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::cpu13.dtb.walker       364243                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::cpu13.itb.walker       684814                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::cpu13.inst      2192007                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::cpu13.data       805513                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total           4046577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu13.dtb.walker     0.011943                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu13.itb.walker     0.000854                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.004704                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.944179                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l213.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.944179                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l213.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.993759                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l213.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.993759                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.107530                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.107530                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu13.inst     0.024569                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l213.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.024569                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l213.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.159424                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l213.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.159424                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l213.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.302184                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l213.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.302184                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::cpu13.dtb.walker     0.011943                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::cpu13.itb.walker     0.000854                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::cpu13.inst     0.024569                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.151317                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.044650                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::cpu13.dtb.walker     0.011943                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::cpu13.itb.walker     0.000854                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::cpu13.inst     0.024569                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.151317                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.044650                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks              25785                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                   25785                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.replacements                       130570                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l214.tags.tagsinuse               13133.151841                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.tags.total_refs                 100153939                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.tags.sampled_refs                 2411102                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.tags.avg_refs                   41.538657                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.tags.warmup_cycle            6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   2665.799636                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.dtb.walker    75.187582                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.itb.walker    81.977773                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst   4472.225236                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.data   5837.961614                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.162707                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.dtb.walker     0.004589                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.itb.walker     0.005004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.272963                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.356321                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.tags.occ_percent::total          0.801584                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          185                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l214.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        15182                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l214.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::1           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l214.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l214.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          173                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l214.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l214.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          239                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l214.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          171                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l214.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        14744                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l214.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.011292                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l214.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.926636                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l214.tags.tag_accesses               203011460                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l214.tags.data_accesses              203011460                       # Number of data accesses
system.l214.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::cpu14.dtb.walker      1662620                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::cpu14.itb.walker     10390316                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total              12052936                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      5031039                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l214.WritebackDirty_hits::total        5031039                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l214.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks     34368942                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l214.WritebackClean_hits::total       34368942                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l214.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu14.data           939                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l214.UpgradeReq_hits::total                939                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l214.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu14.data          138                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l214.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total              138                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::cpu14.data        1510881                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total             1510881                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu14.inst     33632271                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l214.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         33632271                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l214.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu14.data      6836149                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l214.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         6836149                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l214.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu14.data       402051                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l214.InvalidateReq_hits::total          402051                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::cpu14.dtb.walker      1662620                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::cpu14.itb.walker     10390316                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::cpu14.inst          33632271                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::cpu14.data           8347030                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total               54032237                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::cpu14.dtb.walker      1662620                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::cpu14.itb.walker     10390316                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::cpu14.inst         33632271                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::cpu14.data          8347030                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total              54032237                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::cpu14.dtb.walker        52454                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::cpu14.itb.walker        38292                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total               90746                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu14.data        93476                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l214.UpgradeReq_misses::total            93476                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l214.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu14.data        70703                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l214.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          70703                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::cpu14.data       140239                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::total            140239                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu14.inst       737186                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l214.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         737186                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l214.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu14.data       701772                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l214.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        701772                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l214.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu14.data       105713                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l214.InvalidateReq_misses::total        105713                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::cpu14.dtb.walker        52454                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::cpu14.itb.walker        38292                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::cpu14.inst          737186                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::cpu14.data          842011                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total              1669943                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::cpu14.dtb.walker        52454                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::cpu14.itb.walker        38292                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::cpu14.inst         737186                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::cpu14.data         842011                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total             1669943                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::cpu14.dtb.walker      1715074                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::cpu14.itb.walker     10428608                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total          12143682                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      5031039                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      5031039                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks     34368942                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.WritebackClean_accesses::total     34368942                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu14.data        94415                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          94415                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu14.data        70841                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total        70841                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu14.data      1651120                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total         1651120                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu14.inst     34369457                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total     34369457                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu14.data      7537921                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      7537921                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu14.data       507764                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.InvalidateReq_accesses::total       507764                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::cpu14.dtb.walker      1715074                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::cpu14.itb.walker     10428608                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::cpu14.inst      34369457                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::cpu14.data       9189041                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total           55702180                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::cpu14.dtb.walker      1715074                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::cpu14.itb.walker     10428608                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::cpu14.inst     34369457                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::cpu14.data      9189041                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total          55702180                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu14.dtb.walker     0.030584                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu14.itb.walker     0.003672                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.007473                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.990055                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l214.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.990055                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l214.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.998052                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l214.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.998052                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.084936                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.084936                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu14.inst     0.021449                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l214.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.021449                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l214.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.093099                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l214.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.093099                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l214.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.208193                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l214.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.208193                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::cpu14.dtb.walker     0.030584                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::cpu14.itb.walker     0.003672                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::cpu14.inst     0.021449                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.091632                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.029980                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::cpu14.dtb.walker     0.030584                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::cpu14.itb.walker     0.003672                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::cpu14.inst     0.021449                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.091632                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.029980                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks             359822                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                  359822                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.replacements                      1762946                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l215.tags.tagsinuse               13521.055865                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.tags.total_refs                  31204748                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.tags.sampled_refs                 3833386                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.tags.avg_refs                    8.140257                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.tags.warmup_cycle            6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    833.598955                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.dtb.walker   104.189873                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.itb.walker   114.620350                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst   3831.241560                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.data   8637.405127                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.050879                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.dtb.walker     0.006359                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.itb.walker     0.006996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.233840                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.527185                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.tags.occ_percent::total          0.825260                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          202                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l215.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        14429                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l215.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::1            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l215.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          199                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l215.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          104                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l215.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           93                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l215.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        14232                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l215.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.012329                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l215.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.880676                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l215.tags.tag_accesses                66671356                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l215.tags.data_accesses               66671356                       # Number of data accesses
system.l215.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::cpu15.dtb.walker      7884765                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::cpu15.itb.walker      1355135                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total               9239900                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      1585714                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l215.WritebackDirty_hits::total        1585714                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l215.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks      4687074                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l215.WritebackClean_hits::total        4687074                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l215.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu15.data          2378                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l215.UpgradeReq_hits::total               2378                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l215.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu15.data          130                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l215.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total              130                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::cpu15.data         315933                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total              315933                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu15.inst      4547509                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l215.ReadCleanReq_hits::total          4547509                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l215.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu15.data      2468037                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l215.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         2468037                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l215.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu15.data        66565                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l215.InvalidateReq_hits::total           66565                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::cpu15.dtb.walker      7884765                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::cpu15.itb.walker      1355135                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::cpu15.inst           4547509                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::cpu15.data           2783970                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total               16571379                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::cpu15.dtb.walker      7884765                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::cpu15.itb.walker      1355135                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::cpu15.inst          4547509                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::cpu15.data          2783970                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total              16571379                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::cpu15.dtb.walker        60907                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::cpu15.itb.walker         1728                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total               62635                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu15.data        42347                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l215.UpgradeReq_misses::total            42347                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l215.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu15.data        41545                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l215.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          41545                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::cpu15.data       400044                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::total            400044                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu15.inst       140105                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l215.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         140105                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l215.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu15.data      2925443                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l215.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       2925443                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l215.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu15.data       183312                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l215.InvalidateReq_misses::total        183312                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::cpu15.dtb.walker        60907                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::cpu15.itb.walker         1728                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::cpu15.inst          140105                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::cpu15.data         3325487                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total              3528227                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::cpu15.dtb.walker        60907                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::cpu15.itb.walker         1728                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::cpu15.inst         140105                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::cpu15.data        3325487                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total             3528227                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::cpu15.dtb.walker      7945672                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::cpu15.itb.walker      1356863                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total           9302535                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      1585714                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      1585714                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks      4687074                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.WritebackClean_accesses::total      4687074                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu15.data        44725                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          44725                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu15.data        41675                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total        41675                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu15.data       715977                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total          715977                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu15.inst      4687614                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total      4687614                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu15.data      5393480                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      5393480                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu15.data       249877                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.InvalidateReq_accesses::total       249877                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::cpu15.dtb.walker      7945672                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::cpu15.itb.walker      1356863                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::cpu15.inst       4687614                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::cpu15.data       6109457                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total           20099606                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::cpu15.dtb.walker      7945672                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::cpu15.itb.walker      1356863                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::cpu15.inst      4687614                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::cpu15.data      6109457                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total          20099606                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu15.dtb.walker     0.007665                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu15.itb.walker     0.001274                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.006733                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.946831                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l215.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.946831                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l215.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.996881                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l215.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.996881                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.558739                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.558739                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu15.inst     0.029888                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l215.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.029888                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l215.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.542404                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l215.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.542404                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l215.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.733609                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l215.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.733609                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::cpu15.dtb.walker     0.007665                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::cpu15.itb.walker     0.001274                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::cpu15.inst     0.029888                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.544318                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.175537                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::cpu15.dtb.walker     0.007665                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::cpu15.itb.walker     0.001274                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::cpu15.inst     0.029888                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.544318                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.175537                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks             656291                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                  656291                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.replacements                      3636198                       # number of replacements
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      18803597                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      7918755                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests      4091542                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               51523                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            6930551                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq              37151                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp             37151                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      2961829                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          5637051                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           301448                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         262333                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          563781                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           1309220                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          1309220                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       6879028                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq       1452688                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp      1452688                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1608596                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total      1608596                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l200.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        24354                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l200.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        18014                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l200.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      4106005                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l200.mem_side::total      4148373                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l201.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         7972                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l201.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         8332                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l201.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      2302552                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l201.mem_side::total      2318856                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l202.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          216                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l202.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         1016                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l202.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       340181                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l202.mem_side::total       341413                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l203.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          216                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l203.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio          460                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l203.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        94739                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l203.mem_side::total        95415                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l204.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           72                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l204.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         1452                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l204.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       275957                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l204.mem_side::total       277481                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l205.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           72                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l205.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         1018                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l205.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       324287                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l205.mem_side::total       325377                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l206.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          180                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l206.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio          626                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l206.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       101248                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l206.mem_side::total       102054                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l207.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          906                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l207.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         2382                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l207.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       449059                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l207.mem_side::total       452347                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l208.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         1224                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l208.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        24532                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l208.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1247818                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l208.mem_side::total      1273574                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l209.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          304                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l209.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         1128                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l209.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       274158                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l209.mem_side::total       275590                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l210.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         2628                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l210.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         1344                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l210.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       169056                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l210.mem_side::total       173028                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l211.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          324                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l211.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio          352                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l211.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        89932                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l211.mem_side::total        90608                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l212.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio          698                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l212.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       469557                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l212.mem_side::total       470255                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l213.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        12824                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l213.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       599283                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l213.mem_side::total       612107                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l214.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        30834                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l214.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      5389222                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l214.mem_side::total      5420056                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l215.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         9936                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l215.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        23932                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l215.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     11166664                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l215.mem_side::total     11200532                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               29185662                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     34316032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total     34316032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l200.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        20177                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l200.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        36028                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l200.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    124439872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l200.mem_side::total    124496077                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l201.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         7912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l201.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        16664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l201.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     54828160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l201.mem_side::total     54852736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l202.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          126                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l202.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         2032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l202.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      8224640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l202.mem_side::total      8226798                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l203.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          126                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l203.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio          920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l203.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      2310080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l203.mem_side::total      2311126                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l204.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           42                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l204.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         2904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l204.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      6449472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l204.mem_side::total      6452418                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l205.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           42                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l205.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         2036                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l205.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      7910336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l205.mem_side::total      7912414                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l206.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          105                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l206.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         1252                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l206.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      2459264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l206.mem_side::total      2460621                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l207.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          906                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l207.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         4764                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l207.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     10620288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l207.mem_side::total     10625958                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l208.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          714                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l208.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        49064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l208.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     27622464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l208.mem_side::total     27672242                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l209.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          199                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l209.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         2256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l209.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      6625216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l209.mem_side::total      6627671                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l210.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         1533                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l210.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         2688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l210.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      4197120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l210.mem_side::total      4201341                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l211.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          189                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l211.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio          704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l211.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      2286016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l211.mem_side::total      2286909                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l212.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         1396                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l212.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     11339200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l212.mem_side::total     11340596                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l213.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        25648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l213.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     13161024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l213.mem_side::total     13186672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l214.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        61668                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l214.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    129201408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l214.mem_side::total    129263076                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l215.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         5796                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l215.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        47864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l215.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    267614336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l215.mem_side::total    267667996                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               713900683                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples          10293391                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean             1.366776                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev            3.224712                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                 6890307     66.94%     66.94% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                 1763199     17.13%     84.07% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                  206279      2.00%     86.07% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::3                  194515      1.89%     87.96% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::4                  200487      1.95%     89.91% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::5                  125479      1.22%     91.13% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::6                  103950      1.01%     92.14% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::7                   76473      0.74%     92.88% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::8                   84638      0.82%     93.70% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::9                   94723      0.92%     94.62% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::10                  63097      0.61%     95.24% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::11                  59858      0.58%     95.82% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::12                  87451      0.85%     96.67% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::13                  74167      0.72%     97.39% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::14                 143020      1.39%     98.78% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::15                 125748      1.22%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::16                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::17                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value              15                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total            10293391                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.directResponses                       0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.membus.badaddr_responder.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.pci_host.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pci_ide.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.clock24MHz.voltage_domain.voltage     3.300000                       # Voltage in Volts
system.realview.clock24MHz.clock                41667                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.realview_io.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.dcc.osc_cpu.clock               16667                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.dcc.osc_ddr.clock               25000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.dcc.osc_hsbm.clock              25000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.dcc.osc_pxl.clock               42105                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.dcc.osc_smb.clock               20000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.dcc.osc_sys.clock               16667                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.energy_ctrl.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.ethernet.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAReads               0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAWrites              0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.postedSwi                  0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedSwi             nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalSwi                   0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxIdle               0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle          nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxIdle                0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOk                 0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOk            nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOk                  0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxDesc               0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc          nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxDesc                0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxOk                 0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxOk            nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxOk                  0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxIdle               0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle          nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxIdle                0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxDesc               0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc          nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxDesc                0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOrn                0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn           nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOrn                 0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTotal           nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.droppedPackets             0                       # number of packets dropped
system.realview.gic.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.generic_timer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.gicv2m.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.hdlcd.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.kmi0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.kmi1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.mcc.osc_clcd.clock              42105                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.mcc.osc_mcc.clock               20000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.mcc.osc_peripheral.clock        41667                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.mcc.osc_system_bus.clock        41667                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.rtc.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.uart0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.vgic.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.vio0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.vio1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.viopci.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus00.snoop_filter.tot_requests      9674194                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus00.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      4843709                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus00.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          116                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus00.snoop_filter.tot_snoops       248594                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus00.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       248594                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus00.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus00.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::ReadReq          1261836                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::ReadResp         5328437                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::WriteReq            8518                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::WriteResp           8518                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1019948                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::WritebackClean      2616998                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::CleanEvict       1144230                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         29439                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        24685                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        54124                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::ReadExReq         705512                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::ReadExResp        705512                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq      2617510                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      1449091                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::CleanSharedReq         1664                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::CleanSharedResp         1664                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        56731                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        56731                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.pkt_count_system.cpu00.icache.mem_side::system.l200.cpu_side      7852018                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus00.pkt_count_system.cpu00.dcache.mem_side::system.l200.cpu_side      6740790                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus00.pkt_count_system.cpu00.itb.walker.dma::system.l200.cpu_side      1620628                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus00.pkt_count_system.cpu00.dtb.walker.dma::system.l200.cpu_side       877712                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus00.pkt_count::total            17091148                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus00.pkt_size_system.cpu00.icache.mem_side::system.l200.cpu_side    335008512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus00.pkt_size_system.cpu00.dcache.mem_side::system.l200.cpu_side    203227469                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus00.pkt_size_system.cpu00.itb.walker.dma::system.l200.cpu_side      6482512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus00.pkt_size_system.cpu00.dtb.walker.dma::system.l200.cpu_side      3510848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus00.pkt_size::total            548229341                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus00.snoops                       2630931                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus00.snoopTraffic                37491008                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus00.snoop_fanout::samples        8711708                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus00.snoop_fanout::mean          0.029512                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus00.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.169235                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus00.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus00.snoop_fanout::0              8454612     97.05%     97.05% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus00.snoop_fanout::1               257096      2.95%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus00.snoop_fanout::2                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus00.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus00.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus00.snoop_fanout::max_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus00.snoop_fanout::total          8711708                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus00.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus01.snoop_filter.tot_requests      4698721                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus01.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      2388388                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus01.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         5611                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus01.snoop_filter.tot_snoops       146998                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus01.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       146991                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus01.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            7                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus01.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::ReadReq           376538                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::ReadResp         2040269                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::WriteReq            3507                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::WriteResp           3507                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       993187                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::WritebackClean      1012773                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::CleanEvict        285659                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         16575                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        10737                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        27312                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::ReadExReq         144845                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::ReadExResp        144845                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq      1013285                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       650446                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::CleanSharedReq         7104                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::CleanSharedResp         7104                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::InvalidateReq       494672                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::InvalidateResp       494672                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.pkt_count_system.cpu01.icache.mem_side::system.l201.cpu_side      3039343                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus01.pkt_count_system.cpu01.dcache.mem_side::system.l201.cpu_side      3943908                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus01.pkt_count_system.cpu01.itb.walker.dma::system.l201.cpu_side       393030                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus01.pkt_count_system.cpu01.dtb.walker.dma::system.l201.cpu_side       350756                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus01.pkt_count::total             7727037                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus01.pkt_size_system.cpu01.icache.mem_side::system.l201.cpu_side    129667712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus01.pkt_size_system.cpu01.dcache.mem_side::system.l201.cpu_side    114487168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus01.pkt_size_system.cpu01.itb.walker.dma::system.l201.cpu_side      1572120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus01.pkt_size_system.cpu01.dtb.walker.dma::system.l201.cpu_side      1403024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus01.pkt_size::total            247130024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus01.snoops                       1529403                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus01.snoopTraffic                36663232                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus01.snoop_fanout::samples        4228684                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus01.snoop_fanout::mean          0.052511                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus01.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.223063                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus01.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus01.snoop_fanout::0              4006637     94.75%     94.75% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus01.snoop_fanout::1               222040      5.25%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus01.snoop_fanout::2                    7      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus01.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus01.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus01.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus01.snoop_fanout::total          4228684                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus01.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus02.snoop_filter.tot_requests       910365                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus02.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       467208                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus02.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           43                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus02.snoop_filter.tot_snoops       135597                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus02.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       135597                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus02.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus02.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::ReadReq           101320                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::ReadResp          495178                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::WriteReq             224                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::WriteResp            224                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       114388                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::WritebackClean       222679                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::CleanEvict        100469                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          4008                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         4770                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         8778                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::ReadExReq          32680                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::ReadExResp         32680                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       223191                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       170667                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::CleanSharedReq         1216                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::CleanSharedResp         1216                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        15469                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        15469                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.pkt_count_system.cpu02.icache.mem_side::system.l202.cpu_side       669061                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus02.pkt_count_system.cpu02.dcache.mem_side::system.l202.cpu_side       673709                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus02.pkt_count_system.cpu02.itb.walker.dma::system.l202.cpu_side       123556                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus02.pkt_count_system.cpu02.dtb.walker.dma::system.l202.cpu_side        78300                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus02.pkt_count::total             1544626                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus02.pkt_size_system.cpu02.icache.mem_side::system.l202.cpu_side     28535680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus02.pkt_size_system.cpu02.dcache.mem_side::system.l202.cpu_side     20337198                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus02.pkt_size_system.cpu02.itb.walker.dma::system.l202.cpu_side       494224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus02.pkt_size_system.cpu02.dtb.walker.dma::system.l202.cpu_side       313200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus02.pkt_size::total             49680302                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus02.snoops                        936680                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus02.snoopTraffic                 1488448                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus02.snoop_fanout::samples        1482997                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus02.snoop_fanout::mean          0.105508                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus02.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.307207                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus02.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus02.snoop_fanout::0              1326529     89.45%     89.45% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus02.snoop_fanout::1               156468     10.55%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus02.snoop_fanout::2                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus02.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus02.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus02.snoop_fanout::max_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus02.snoop_fanout::total          1482997                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus02.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus03.snoop_filter.tot_requests       242409                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus03.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       121421                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus03.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            9                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus03.snoop_filter.tot_snoops       129311                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus03.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       129311                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus03.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus03.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::ReadReq            21641                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::ReadResp          127369                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::WriteReq             141                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::WriteResp            141                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        28008                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::WritebackClean        65725                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::CleanEvict         22460                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          1227                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         1329                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         2556                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::ReadExReq           8632                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::ReadExResp          8632                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq        66237                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        39491                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::CleanSharedReq         1920                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::CleanSharedResp         1920                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         4712                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::InvalidateResp         4712                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.pkt_count_system.cpu03.icache.mem_side::system.l203.cpu_side       198199                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus03.pkt_count_system.cpu03.dcache.mem_side::system.l203.cpu_side       165766                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus03.pkt_count_system.cpu03.itb.walker.dma::system.l203.cpu_side        34802                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus03.pkt_count_system.cpu03.dtb.walker.dma::system.l203.cpu_side         8086                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus03.pkt_count::total              406853                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus03.pkt_size_system.cpu03.icache.mem_side::system.l203.cpu_side      8445568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus03.pkt_size_system.cpu03.dcache.mem_side::system.l203.cpu_side      4873430                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus03.pkt_size_system.cpu03.itb.walker.dma::system.l203.cpu_side       139208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus03.pkt_size_system.cpu03.dtb.walker.dma::system.l203.cpu_side        32344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus03.pkt_size::total             13490550                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus03.snoops                        825816                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus03.snoopTraffic                  257280                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus03.snoop_fanout::samples         966603                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus03.snoop_fanout::mean          0.136548                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus03.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.343370                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus03.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus03.snoop_fanout::0               834615     86.35%     86.35% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus03.snoop_fanout::1               131988     13.65%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus03.snoop_fanout::2                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus03.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus03.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus03.snoop_fanout::max_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus03.snoop_fanout::total           966603                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus03.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus04.snoop_filter.tot_requests       985276                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus04.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       500831                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus04.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           16                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus04.snoop_filter.tot_snoops       147104                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus04.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       147104                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus04.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus04.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::ReadReq           133488                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::ReadResp          570019                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::WriteReq             256                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::WriteResp            256                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        99745                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::WritebackClean       282920                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::CleanEvict         95406                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          4419                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         5822                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        10241                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::ReadExReq          31590                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::ReadExResp         31590                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       283432                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       153099                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        16333                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        16333                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.pkt_count_system.cpu04.icache.mem_side::system.l204.cpu_side       849784                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus04.pkt_count_system.cpu04.dcache.mem_side::system.l204.cpu_side       619201                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus04.pkt_count_system.cpu04.itb.walker.dma::system.l204.cpu_side       167624                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus04.pkt_count_system.cpu04.dtb.walker.dma::system.l204.cpu_side        98340                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus04.pkt_count::total             1734949                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus04.pkt_size_system.cpu04.icache.mem_side::system.l204.cpu_side     36246528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus04.pkt_size_system.cpu04.dcache.mem_side::system.l204.cpu_side     18206722                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus04.pkt_size_system.cpu04.itb.walker.dma::system.l204.cpu_side       670496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus04.pkt_size_system.cpu04.dtb.walker.dma::system.l204.cpu_side       393360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus04.pkt_size::total             55517106                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus04.snoops                       1035287                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus04.snoopTraffic                 1027392                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus04.snoop_fanout::samples        1648086                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus04.snoop_fanout::mean          0.096858                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus04.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.295764                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus04.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus04.snoop_fanout::0              1488456     90.31%     90.31% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus04.snoop_fanout::1               159630      9.69%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus04.snoop_fanout::2                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus04.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus04.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus04.snoop_fanout::max_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus04.snoop_fanout::total          1648086                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus04.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus05.snoop_filter.tot_requests       752319                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus05.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       386516                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus05.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           26                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus05.snoop_filter.tot_snoops       125895                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus05.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       125895                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus05.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus05.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::ReadReq            78441                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::ReadResp          398839                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::WriteReq             178                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::WriteResp            178                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       104311                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::WritebackClean       150929                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::CleanEvict        104803                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          3671                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         5836                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         9507                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::ReadExReq          31207                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::ReadExResp         31207                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       151441                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       168957                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::CleanSharedReq          896                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::CleanSharedResp          896                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        13313                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        13313                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.pkt_count_system.cpu05.icache.mem_side::system.l205.cpu_side       453811                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus05.pkt_count_system.cpu05.dcache.mem_side::system.l205.cpu_side       657964                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus05.pkt_count_system.cpu05.itb.walker.dma::system.l205.cpu_side        78014                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus05.pkt_count_system.cpu05.dtb.walker.dma::system.l205.cpu_side        78134                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus05.pkt_count::total             1267923                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus05.pkt_size_system.cpu05.icache.mem_side::system.l205.cpu_side     19351680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus05.pkt_size_system.cpu05.dcache.mem_side::system.l205.cpu_side     19488478                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus05.pkt_size_system.cpu05.itb.walker.dma::system.l205.cpu_side       312056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus05.pkt_size_system.cpu05.dtb.walker.dma::system.l205.cpu_side       312536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus05.pkt_size::total             39464750                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus05.snoops                        854839                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus05.snoopTraffic                 1396352                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus05.snoop_fanout::samples        1301865                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus05.snoop_fanout::mean          0.109747                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus05.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.312574                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus05.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus05.snoop_fanout::0              1158989     89.03%     89.03% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus05.snoop_fanout::1               142876     10.97%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus05.snoop_fanout::2                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus05.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus05.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus05.snoop_fanout::max_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus05.snoop_fanout::total          1301865                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus05.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus06.snoop_filter.tot_requests       296361                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus06.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       149497                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus06.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           18                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus06.snoop_filter.tot_snoops       119843                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus06.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       119843                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus06.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus06.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::ReadReq            26546                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::ReadResp          154867                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::WriteReq             152                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::WriteResp            152                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        34969                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::WritebackClean        79105                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::CleanEvict         27787                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          1754                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         1732                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         3486                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::ReadExReq          10412                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::ReadExResp         10412                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq        79617                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        48704                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::CleanSharedReq         1664                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::CleanSharedResp         1664                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         6467                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::InvalidateResp         6467                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.pkt_count_system.cpu06.icache.mem_side::system.l206.cpu_side       238339                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus06.pkt_count_system.cpu06.dcache.mem_side::system.l206.cpu_side       205028                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus06.pkt_count_system.cpu06.itb.walker.dma::system.l206.cpu_side        43128                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus06.pkt_count_system.cpu06.dtb.walker.dma::system.l206.cpu_side         9462                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus06.pkt_count::total              495957                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus06.pkt_size_system.cpu06.icache.mem_side::system.l206.cpu_side     10158208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus06.pkt_size_system.cpu06.dcache.mem_side::system.l206.cpu_side      6022797                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus06.pkt_size_system.cpu06.itb.walker.dma::system.l206.cpu_side       172512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus06.pkt_size_system.cpu06.dtb.walker.dma::system.l206.cpu_side        37848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus06.pkt_size::total             16391365                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus06.snoops                        793414                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus06.snoopTraffic                  347648                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus06.snoop_fanout::samples         966430                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus06.snoop_fanout::mean          0.128319                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus06.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.334444                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus06.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus06.snoop_fanout::0               842419     87.17%     87.17% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus06.snoop_fanout::1               124011     12.83%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus06.snoop_fanout::2                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus06.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus06.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus06.snoop_fanout::max_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus06.snoop_fanout::total           966430                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus06.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus07.snoop_filter.tot_requests      1252843                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus07.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       639938                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus07.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           33                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus07.snoop_filter.tot_snoops       163804                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus07.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       163803                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus07.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus07.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::ReadReq           116008                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::ReadResp          660136                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::WriteReq             699                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::WriteResp            699                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       147461                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::WritebackClean       325460                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::CleanEvict        128131                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         10854                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         7370                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        18224                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::ReadExReq          45690                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::ReadExResp         45690                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       325972                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       218156                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::CleanSharedReq           64                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::CleanSharedResp           64                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        23031                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        23031                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.pkt_count_system.cpu07.icache.mem_side::system.l207.cpu_side       977404                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus07.pkt_count_system.cpu07.dcache.mem_side::system.l207.cpu_side       889210                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus07.pkt_count_system.cpu07.itb.walker.dma::system.l207.cpu_side       148762                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus07.pkt_count_system.cpu07.dtb.walker.dma::system.l207.cpu_side        81364                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus07.pkt_count::total             2096740                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus07.pkt_size_system.cpu07.icache.mem_side::system.l207.cpu_side     41691648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus07.pkt_size_system.cpu07.dcache.mem_side::system.l207.cpu_side     26329318                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus07.pkt_size_system.cpu07.itb.walker.dma::system.l207.cpu_side       595048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus07.pkt_size_system.cpu07.dtb.walker.dma::system.l207.cpu_side       325456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus07.pkt_size::total             68941470                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus07.snoops                       1065910                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus07.snoopTraffic                 2040960                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus07.snoop_fanout::samples        1788166                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus07.snoop_fanout::mean          0.103174                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus07.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.304188                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus07.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus07.snoop_fanout::0              1603675     89.68%     89.68% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus07.snoop_fanout::1               184490     10.32%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus07.snoop_fanout::2                    1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus07.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus07.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus07.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus07.snoop_fanout::total          1788166                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus07.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus08.snoop_filter.tot_requests     12948442                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus08.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      6504875                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus08.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           28                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus08.snoop_filter.tot_snoops       296413                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus08.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       296413                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus08.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus08.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::ReadReq          2330235                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::ReadResp         8416393                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::WriteReq            4347                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::WriteResp           4347                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       754938                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::WritebackClean      4638686                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::CleanEvict        993771                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         44559                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        49329                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        93888                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::ReadExReq         252746                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::ReadExResp        252746                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq      4639198                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      1446960                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::InvalidateReq       104744                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::InvalidateResp       104744                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.pkt_count_system.cpu08.icache.mem_side::system.l208.cpu_side     13917082                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus08.pkt_count_system.cpu08.dcache.mem_side::system.l208.cpu_side      5571141                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus08.pkt_count_system.cpu08.itb.walker.dma::system.l208.cpu_side      2945952                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus08.pkt_count_system.cpu08.dtb.walker.dma::system.l208.cpu_side      1697456                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus08.pkt_count::total            24131631                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus08.pkt_size_system.cpu08.icache.mem_side::system.l208.cpu_side    593784576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus08.pkt_size_system.cpu08.dcache.mem_side::system.l208.cpu_side    157146994                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus08.pkt_size_system.cpu08.itb.walker.dma::system.l208.cpu_side     11783808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus08.pkt_size_system.cpu08.dtb.walker.dma::system.l208.cpu_side      6789824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus08.pkt_size::total            769505202                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus08.snoops                       1449826                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus08.snoopTraffic                 3904000                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus08.snoop_fanout::samples       10227623                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus08.snoop_fanout::mean          0.031283                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus08.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.174082                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus08.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus08.snoop_fanout::0              9907671     96.87%     96.87% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus08.snoop_fanout::1               319952      3.13%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus08.snoop_fanout::2                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus08.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus08.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus08.snoop_fanout::max_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus08.snoop_fanout::total         10227623                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus08.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus09.snoop_filter.tot_requests       673445                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus09.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       346932                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus09.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           38                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus09.snoop_filter.tot_snoops       132101                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus09.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       132101                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus09.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus09.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::ReadReq            60748                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::ReadResp          345686                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::WriteReq             269                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::WriteResp            269                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        93521                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::WritebackClean       158649                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::CleanEvict         67247                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          5406                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         5812                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        11218                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::ReadExReq          26238                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::ReadExResp         26238                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       159161                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       125777                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::CleanSharedReq         1792                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::CleanSharedResp         1792                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        13550                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        13550                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.pkt_count_system.cpu09.icache.mem_side::system.l209.cpu_side       476971                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus09.pkt_count_system.cpu09.dcache.mem_side::system.l209.cpu_side       519350                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus09.pkt_count_system.cpu09.itb.walker.dma::system.l209.cpu_side        80246                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus09.pkt_count_system.cpu09.dtb.walker.dma::system.l209.cpu_side        40356                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus09.pkt_count::total             1116923                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus09.pkt_size_system.cpu09.icache.mem_side::system.l209.cpu_side     20339840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus09.pkt_size_system.cpu09.dcache.mem_side::system.l209.cpu_side     15716759                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus09.pkt_size_system.cpu09.itb.walker.dma::system.l209.cpu_side       320984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus09.pkt_size_system.cpu09.dtb.walker.dma::system.l209.cpu_side       161424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus09.pkt_size::total             36539007                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus09.snoops                        870349                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus09.snoopTraffic                 1192000                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus09.snoop_fanout::samples        1260539                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus09.snoop_fanout::mean          0.117752                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus09.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.322314                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus09.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus09.snoop_fanout::0              1112108     88.22%     88.22% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus09.snoop_fanout::1               148431     11.78%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus09.snoop_fanout::2                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus09.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus09.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus09.snoop_fanout::max_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus09.snoop_fanout::total          1260539                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus09.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus10.snoop_filter.tot_requests       628369                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus10.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       295262                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus10.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            3                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus10.snoop_filter.tot_snoops        91306                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus10.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        91306                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus10.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus10.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::ReadReq            56113                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::ReadResp          318901                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::WriteReq            1025                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::WriteResp           1025                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        59970                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::WritebackClean       167131                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::CleanEvict         54808                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          3733                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         1691                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         5424                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::ReadExReq          19781                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::ReadExResp         19781                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       167643                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        95145                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::CleanSharedReq        45760                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::CleanSharedResp        45760                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         4857                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::InvalidateResp         4857                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.pkt_count_system.cpu10.icache.mem_side::system.l210.cpu_side       502417                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus10.pkt_count_system.cpu10.dcache.mem_side::system.l210.cpu_side       460684                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus10.pkt_count_system.cpu10.itb.walker.dma::system.l210.cpu_side        62292                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus10.pkt_count_system.cpu10.dtb.walker.dma::system.l210.cpu_side        48012                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus10.pkt_count::total             1073405                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus10.pkt_size_system.cpu10.icache.mem_side::system.l210.cpu_side     21425536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus10.pkt_size_system.cpu10.dcache.mem_side::system.l210.cpu_side     11197565                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus10.pkt_size_system.cpu10.itb.walker.dma::system.l210.cpu_side       249168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus10.pkt_size_system.cpu10.dtb.walker.dma::system.l210.cpu_side       192048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus10.pkt_size::total             33064317                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus10.snoops                        566059                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus10.snoopTraffic                  637440                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus10.snoop_fanout::samples         951957                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus10.snoop_fanout::mean          0.104163                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus10.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.305472                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus10.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus10.snoop_fanout::0               852798     89.58%     89.58% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus10.snoop_fanout::1                99159     10.42%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus10.snoop_fanout::2                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus10.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus10.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus10.snoop_fanout::max_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus10.snoop_fanout::total           951957                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus10.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus11.snoop_filter.tot_requests       204652                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus11.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       103900                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus11.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            5                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus11.snoop_filter.tot_snoops       117935                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus11.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       117935                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus11.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus11.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::ReadReq            18620                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::ReadResp          103404                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::WriteReq             153                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::WriteResp            153                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        27658                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::WritebackClean        47763                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::CleanEvict         19329                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          1801                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         1815                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         3616                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::ReadExReq           9126                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::ReadExResp          9126                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq        48275                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        36509                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::CleanSharedReq         3776                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::CleanSharedResp         3776                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         3068                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::InvalidateResp         3068                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.pkt_count_system.cpu11.icache.mem_side::system.l211.cpu_side       144313                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus11.pkt_count_system.cpu11.dcache.mem_side::system.l211.cpu_side       159853                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus11.pkt_count_system.cpu11.itb.walker.dma::system.l211.cpu_side        22110                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus11.pkt_count_system.cpu11.dtb.walker.dma::system.l211.cpu_side        14760                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus11.pkt_count::total              341036                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus11.pkt_size_system.cpu11.icache.mem_side::system.l211.cpu_side      6146432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus11.pkt_size_system.cpu11.dcache.mem_side::system.l211.cpu_side      4691645                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus11.pkt_size_system.cpu11.itb.walker.dma::system.l211.cpu_side        88440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus11.pkt_size_system.cpu11.dtb.walker.dma::system.l211.cpu_side        59040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus11.pkt_size::total             10985557                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus11.snoops                        705776                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus11.snoopTraffic                  255552                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus11.snoop_fanout::samples         826767                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus11.snoop_fanout::mean          0.149343                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus11.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.356427                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus11.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus11.snoop_fanout::0               703295     85.07%     85.07% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus11.snoop_fanout::1               123472     14.93%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus11.snoop_fanout::2                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus11.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus11.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus11.snoop_fanout::max_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus11.snoop_fanout::total           826767                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus11.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus12.snoop_filter.tot_requests      1050982                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus12.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       537464                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus12.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           15                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus12.snoop_filter.tot_snoops       127221                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus12.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       127221                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus12.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus12.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::ReadReq           116618                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::ReadResp          563978                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::WriteReq             109                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::WriteResp            109                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       150055                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::WritebackClean       196705                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::CleanEvict        161615                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          2907                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         8621                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        11528                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::ReadExReq          47435                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::ReadExResp         47435                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       197217                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       250143                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::CleanSharedReq         1024                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::CleanSharedResp         1024                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        17703                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        17703                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.pkt_count_system.cpu12.icache.mem_side::system.l212.cpu_side       591139                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus12.pkt_count_system.cpu12.dcache.mem_side::system.l212.cpu_side       968034                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus12.pkt_count_system.cpu12.itb.walker.dma::system.l212.cpu_side       104404                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus12.pkt_count_system.cpu12.dtb.walker.dma::system.l212.cpu_side       128352                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus12.pkt_count::total             1791929                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus12.pkt_size_system.cpu12.icache.mem_side::system.l212.cpu_side     25211008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus12.pkt_size_system.cpu12.dcache.mem_side::system.l212.cpu_side     28649908                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus12.pkt_size_system.cpu12.itb.walker.dma::system.l212.cpu_side       417616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus12.pkt_size_system.cpu12.dtb.walker.dma::system.l212.cpu_side       513408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus12.pkt_size::total             54791940                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus12.snoops                        894906                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus12.snoopTraffic                 2076096                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus12.snoop_fanout::samples        1531619                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus12.snoop_fanout::mean          0.094536                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus12.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.292573                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus12.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus12.snoop_fanout::0              1386826     90.55%     90.55% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus12.snoop_fanout::1               144793      9.45%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus12.snoop_fanout::2                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus12.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus12.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus12.snoop_fanout::max_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus12.snoop_fanout::total          1531619                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus12.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus13.snoop_filter.tot_requests      6124594                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus13.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      3077954                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus13.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           28                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus13.snoop_filter.tot_snoops       224456                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus13.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       224454                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus13.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            2                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus13.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::ReadReq          1061800                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::ReadResp         3933485                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::WriteReq            2079                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::WriteResp           2079                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       365228                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::WritebackClean      2191495                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::CleanEvict        457760                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         24668                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        23075                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        47743                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::ReadExReq         125835                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::ReadExResp        125835                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq      2192007                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       679678                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        49182                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        49182                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.pkt_count_system.cpu13.icache.mem_side::system.l213.cpu_side      6575509                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus13.pkt_count_system.cpu13.dcache.mem_side::system.l213.cpu_side      2640688                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus13.pkt_count_system.cpu13.itb.walker.dma::system.l213.cpu_side      1372650                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus13.pkt_count_system.cpu13.dtb.walker.dma::system.l213.cpu_side       742284                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus13.pkt_count::total            11331131                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus13.pkt_size_system.cpu13.icache.mem_side::system.l213.cpu_side    280544128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus13.pkt_size_system.cpu13.dcache.mem_side::system.l213.cpu_side     74953072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus13.pkt_size_system.cpu13.itb.walker.dma::system.l213.cpu_side      5490600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus13.pkt_size_system.cpu13.dtb.walker.dma::system.l213.cpu_side      2969136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus13.pkt_size::total            363956936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus13.snoops                       1319494                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus13.snoopTraffic                 1650240                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus13.snoop_fanout::samples        5423159                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus13.snoop_fanout::mean          0.044283                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus13.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.205724                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus13.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus13.snoop_fanout::0              5183009     95.57%     95.57% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus13.snoop_fanout::1               240148      4.43%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus13.snoop_fanout::2                    2      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus13.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus13.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus13.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus13.snoop_fanout::total          5423159                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus13.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus14.snoop_filter.tot_requests     88170380                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus14.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     44106932                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus14.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           14                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus14.snoop_filter.tot_snoops       737348                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus14.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       737348                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus14.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus14.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::ReadReq         12162414                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::ReadResp        54069792                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::WriteReq            8568                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::WriteResp           8568                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      5031039                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::WritebackClean     34368945                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::CleanEvict       4525009                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         94415                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        70841                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::UpgradeResp       165256                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::ReadExReq        1651120                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::ReadExResp       1651120                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq     34369457                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      7537921                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::InvalidateReq       507764                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::InvalidateResp       507764                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.pkt_count_system.cpu14.icache.mem_side::system.l214.cpu_side    103107859                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus14.pkt_count_system.cpu14.dcache.mem_side::system.l214.cpu_side     29311004                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus14.pkt_count_system.cpu14.itb.walker.dma::system.l214.cpu_side     20862718                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus14.pkt_count_system.cpu14.dtb.walker.dma::system.l214.cpu_side      3448412                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus14.pkt_count::total           156729993                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus14.pkt_size_system.cpu14.icache.mem_side::system.l214.cpu_side   4399257728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus14.pkt_size_system.cpu14.dcache.mem_side::system.l214.cpu_side    910146788                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus14.pkt_size_system.cpu14.itb.walker.dma::system.l214.cpu_side     83450872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus14.pkt_size_system.cpu14.dtb.walker.dma::system.l214.cpu_side     13793648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus14.pkt_size::total           5406649036                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus14.snoops                       2936446                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus14.snoopTraffic                23028608                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus14.snoop_fanout::samples       59088210                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus14.snoop_fanout::mean          0.012714                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus14.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.112036                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus14.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus14.snoop_fanout::0             58336979     98.73%     98.73% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus14.snoop_fanout::1               751231      1.27%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus14.snoop_fanout::2                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus14.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus14.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus14.snoop_fanout::max_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus14.snoop_fanout::total         59088210                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus14.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus15.snoop_filter.tot_requests     22167343                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus15.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     11117841                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus15.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         2405                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus15.snoop_filter.tot_snoops       347869                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus15.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       347849                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus15.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           20                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus15.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 21629960881037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::ReadReq          9335917                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::ReadResp        19417011                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::WriteReq            6926                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::WriteResp           6926                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1585714                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::WritebackClean      4687102                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::CleanEvict       4712691                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         44725                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        41675                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        86400                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::ReadExReq         715977                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::ReadExResp        715977                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq      4687614                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      5393480                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::CleanSharedReq         2688                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::CleanSharedResp         2688                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::InvalidateReq       249877                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::InvalidateResp       249877                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.pkt_count_system.cpu15.icache.mem_side::system.l215.cpu_side     14062330                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus15.pkt_count_system.cpu15.dcache.mem_side::system.l215.cpu_side     19229117                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus15.pkt_count_system.cpu15.itb.walker.dma::system.l215.cpu_side      2717064                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus15.pkt_count_system.cpu15.dtb.walker.dma::system.l215.cpu_side     15934754                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus15.pkt_count::total            51943265                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus15.pkt_size_system.cpu15.icache.mem_side::system.l215.cpu_side    599981824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus15.pkt_size_system.cpu15.dcache.mem_side::system.l215.cpu_side    492544604                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus15.pkt_size_system.cpu15.itb.walker.dma::system.l215.cpu_side     10868256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus15.pkt_size_system.cpu15.dtb.walker.dma::system.l215.cpu_side     63739016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus15.pkt_size::total           1167133700                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus15.snoops                       4827385                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus15.snoopTraffic                42002624                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus15.snoop_fanout::samples       25200265                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus15.snoop_fanout::mean          0.015718                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus15.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.124388                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus15.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus15.snoop_fanout::0             24804191     98.43%     98.43% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus15.snoop_fanout::1               396054      1.57%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus15.snoop_fanout::2                   20      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus15.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus15.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus15.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus15.snoop_fanout::total         25200265                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus15.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
