
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                              44890.513857                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                44890513856577504                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               51637636911358496                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                2063750                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  2349739                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                           5502607311487                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                5046592                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  8158.04                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 16836164062                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   19169276396                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           625                       # Clock period in ticks
system.bootmem.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu00.dtb.walker      5196864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu00.itb.walker       194560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu00.inst       9465152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu00.data     251669760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu01.dtb.walker       144064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu01.itb.walker        45312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu01.inst       4672704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu01.data       8400768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu02.dtb.walker       684544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu02.itb.walker       464512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu02.inst      21461184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu02.data      26272960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu03.dtb.walker        58880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu03.itb.walker        15168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu03.inst       2238144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu03.data       8122112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu04.dtb.walker        85184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu04.itb.walker        17728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu04.inst       1620608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu04.data       6544256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu05.dtb.walker        87104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu05.itb.walker        30080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu05.inst       2387200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu05.data       9473152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu06.dtb.walker       106368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu06.itb.walker        36224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu06.inst       3353280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu06.data       9560896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu07.dtb.walker        75840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu07.itb.walker        45184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu07.inst       2166272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu07.data       9741632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu08.dtb.walker        35328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu08.itb.walker        20544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu08.inst       1722432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu08.data       6219392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu09.dtb.walker        94528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu09.itb.walker        46976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu09.inst       2320000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu09.data       7206464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu10.dtb.walker        67904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu10.itb.walker        15424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu10.inst       1280320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu10.data       6730176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu11.dtb.walker       118400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu11.itb.walker        51008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu11.inst       2302528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu11.data      10695424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu12.dtb.walker        91776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu12.itb.walker        31040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu12.inst       1713024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu12.data       5996672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu13.dtb.walker       249536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu13.itb.walker        61184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu13.inst       7320896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu13.data       9129408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu14.dtb.walker      9958400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu14.itb.walker      6942784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu14.inst     140240640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu14.data     115666112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu15.dtb.walker       387584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu15.itb.walker        77120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu15.inst      12128384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu15.data      13294848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::pci_ide               64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          746654016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu00.inst      9465152                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu01.inst      4672704                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu02.inst     21461184                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu03.inst      2238144                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu04.inst      1620608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu05.inst      2387200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu06.inst      3353280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu07.inst      2166272                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu08.inst      1722432                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu09.inst      2320000                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu10.inst      1280320                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu11.inst      2302528                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu12.inst      1713024                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu13.inst      7320896                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu14.inst    140240640                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu15.inst     12128384                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total     216392768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks    275553984                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total       275553984                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu00.dtb.walker        81201                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu00.itb.walker         3040                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu00.inst         147893                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu00.data        3932340                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu01.dtb.walker         2251                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu01.itb.walker          708                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu01.inst          73011                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu01.data         131262                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu02.dtb.walker        10696                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu02.itb.walker         7258                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu02.inst         335331                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu02.data         410515                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu03.dtb.walker          920                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu03.itb.walker          237                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu03.inst          34971                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu03.data         126908                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu04.dtb.walker         1331                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu04.itb.walker          277                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu04.inst          25322                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu04.data         102254                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu05.dtb.walker         1361                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu05.itb.walker          470                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu05.inst          37300                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu05.data         148018                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu06.dtb.walker         1662                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu06.itb.walker          566                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu06.inst          52395                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu06.data         149389                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu07.dtb.walker         1185                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu07.itb.walker          706                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu07.inst          33848                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu07.data         152213                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu08.dtb.walker          552                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu08.itb.walker          321                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu08.inst          26913                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu08.data          97178                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu09.dtb.walker         1477                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu09.itb.walker          734                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu09.inst          36250                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu09.data         112601                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu10.dtb.walker         1061                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu10.itb.walker          241                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu10.inst          20005                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu10.data         105159                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu11.dtb.walker         1850                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu11.itb.walker          797                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu11.inst          35977                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu11.data         167116                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu12.dtb.walker         1434                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu12.itb.walker          485                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu12.inst          26766                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu12.data          93698                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu13.dtb.walker         3899                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu13.itb.walker          956                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu13.inst         114389                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu13.data         142647                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu14.dtb.walker       155600                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu14.itb.walker       108481                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu14.inst        2191260                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu14.data        1807283                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu15.dtb.walker         6056                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu15.itb.walker         1205                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu15.inst         189506                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu15.data         207732                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::pci_ide                 1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total            11666469                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       4305531                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            4305531                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu00.dtb.walker          116                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu00.itb.walker            4                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu00.inst              211                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu00.data             5606                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu01.dtb.walker            3                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu01.itb.walker            1                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu01.inst              104                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu01.data              187                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu02.dtb.walker           15                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu02.itb.walker           10                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu02.inst              478                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu02.data              585                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu03.dtb.walker            1                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu03.inst               50                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu03.data              181                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu04.dtb.walker            2                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu04.inst               36                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu04.data              146                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu05.dtb.walker            2                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu05.itb.walker            1                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu05.inst               53                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu05.data              211                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu06.dtb.walker            2                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu06.itb.walker            1                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu06.inst               75                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu06.data              213                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu07.dtb.walker            2                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu07.itb.walker            1                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu07.inst               48                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu07.data              217                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu08.dtb.walker            1                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu08.inst               38                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu08.data              139                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu09.dtb.walker            2                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu09.itb.walker            1                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu09.inst               52                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu09.data              161                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu10.dtb.walker            2                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu10.inst               29                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu10.data              150                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu11.dtb.walker            3                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu11.itb.walker            1                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu11.inst               51                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu11.data              238                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu12.dtb.walker            2                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu12.itb.walker            1                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu12.inst               38                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu12.data              134                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu13.dtb.walker            6                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu13.itb.walker            1                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu13.inst              163                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu13.data              203                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu14.dtb.walker          222                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu14.itb.walker          155                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu14.inst             3124                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu14.data             2577                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu15.dtb.walker            9                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu15.itb.walker            2                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu15.inst              270                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu15.data              296                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::pci_ide                   0                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total                 16633                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu00.inst          211                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu01.inst          104                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu02.inst          478                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu03.inst           50                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu04.inst           36                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu05.inst           53                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu06.inst           75                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu07.inst           48                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu08.inst           38                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu09.inst           52                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu10.inst           29                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu11.inst           51                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu12.inst           38                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu13.inst          163                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu14.inst         3124                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu15.inst          270                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total             4820                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks            6138                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total                 6138                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks            6138                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu00.dtb.walker          116                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu00.itb.walker            4                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu00.inst             211                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu00.data            5606                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu01.dtb.walker            3                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu01.itb.walker            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu01.inst             104                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu01.data             187                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu02.dtb.walker           15                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu02.itb.walker           10                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu02.inst             478                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu02.data             585                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu03.dtb.walker            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu03.inst              50                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu03.data             181                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu04.dtb.walker            2                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu04.inst              36                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu04.data             146                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu05.dtb.walker            2                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu05.itb.walker            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu05.inst              53                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu05.data             211                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu06.dtb.walker            2                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu06.itb.walker            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu06.inst              75                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu06.data             213                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu07.dtb.walker            2                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu07.itb.walker            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu07.inst              48                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu07.data             217                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu08.dtb.walker            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu08.inst              38                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu08.data             139                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu09.dtb.walker            2                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu09.itb.walker            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu09.inst              52                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu09.data             161                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu10.dtb.walker            2                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu10.inst              29                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu10.data             150                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu11.dtb.walker            3                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu11.itb.walker            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu11.inst              51                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu11.data             238                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu12.dtb.walker            2                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu12.itb.walker            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu12.inst              38                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu12.data             134                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu13.dtb.walker            6                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu13.itb.walker            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu13.inst             163                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu13.data             203                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu14.dtb.walker          222                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu14.itb.walker          155                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu14.inst            3124                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu14.data            2577                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu15.dtb.walker            9                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu15.itb.walker            2                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu15.inst             270                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu15.data             296                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::pci_ide                  0                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total                22771                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                           0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                          0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                       0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                       0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                    0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::16                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::17                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::18                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::19                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::20                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::21                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::22                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::23                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::24                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::25                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::26                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::27                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::28                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::29                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::30                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::31                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::16                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::17                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::18                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::19                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::20                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::21                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::22                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::23                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::24                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::25                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::26                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::27                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::28                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::29                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::30                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::31                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                             0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::64                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::65                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::66                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::67                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::68                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::69                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::70                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::71                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::72                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::73                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::74                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::75                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::76                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::77                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::78                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::79                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::80                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::81                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::82                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::83                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::84                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::85                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::86                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::87                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::88                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::89                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::90                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::91                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::92                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::93                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::94                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::95                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::96                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::97                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::98                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::99                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::100                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::101                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::102                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::103                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::104                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::105                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::106                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::107                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::108                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::109                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::110                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::111                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::112                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::113                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::114                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::115                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::116                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::117                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::118                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::119                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::120                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::121                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::122                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::123                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::124                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::125                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::126                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::127                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                            0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat                       0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                          nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                        nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                     nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                         0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      19207.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                       0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                           nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                      nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         7326131861393475                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           7326131861393475                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            163.200000                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime                    0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 51637636911358496                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         7326131861393475                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           7326131861393475                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            163.200000                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime                    0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 51637636911358496                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.preBackEnergy         7326131861393475                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.actPowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.prePowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.totalEnergy           7326131861393475                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.averagePower            163.200000                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_2.totalIdleTime                    0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::IDLE 51637636911358496                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.preBackEnergy         7326131861393475                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.actPowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.prePowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.totalEnergy           7326131861393475                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.averagePower            163.200000                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_3.totalIdleTime                    0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::IDLE 51637636911358496                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cf0.dma_read_full_pages                     32                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_bytes                      131072                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_txs                            32                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_write_full_pages                  8325                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_bytes                   34099200                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_txs                         8325                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walks                 2481171                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walksLong             2481171                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples      2481171                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0       2481171    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total      2481171                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples     15751648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walksPending::0      15751648    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walksPending::total     15751648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K      2476150     99.96%     99.96% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          336      0.01%     99.98% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G          532      0.02%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total      2477018                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data      2481171                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total      2481171                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data      2477018                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total      2477018                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total      4958189                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                  196719568                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                  2330028                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                 124597331                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                  151143                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10621                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                   100                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                   1164                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                 1722                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                     350                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses              199049596                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses             124748474                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                       321316899                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                       2481171                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                   323798070                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walks                  103300                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walksLong              103300                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples       103300                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0        103300    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total       103300                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walksPending::samples     15775648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walksPending::0      15775648    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walksPending::total     15775648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K       102920     99.76%     99.76% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          243      0.24%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total       103163                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst       103300                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total       103300                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst       103163                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total       103163                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total       206463                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                 1469050594                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                   103300                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10621                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                   100                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                    724                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses             1469153894                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                      1469050594                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                        103300                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                  1469153894                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numPwrStateTransitions              9995                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         4998                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   8981528647834.496094                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  21828968230457.675781                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows         2200     44.02%     44.02% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         2023     40.48%     84.49% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::4e+11-4.5e+11            1      0.02%     84.51% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows          774     15.49%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 79871113389360                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::total          4998                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  833674700700                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 44889680181876808                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.numCycles                   103248841489983                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu00.kern.inst.quiesce                   4998                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                1469146803                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                  1667344558                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.committedUserInsts            1370045166                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses          1512661758                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                   16                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_vec_alu_accesses              524975                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                  65325582                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts    183231852                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                 1512661758                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                          16                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_vec_insts                     524975                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads        2179873527                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes       1217017308                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                 16                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_vec_register_reads            646440                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu00.num_vec_register_writes           400038                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu00.num_cc_register_reads         2812374319                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu00.num_cc_register_writes         861991787                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                   333917868                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                 209150666                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                124767202                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles             103246924025944.390625                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles             1917464038.600725                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction               0.000019                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                   0.999981                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.Branches                       253119052                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu00.op_class::No_OpClass               14688      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IntAlu              1317781723     79.03%     79.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IntMult               15240228      0.91%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IntDiv                   49391      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatCmp                   206      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatCvt                 61484      0.00%     79.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMult                 6950      0.00%     79.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMultAcc              6687      0.00%     79.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatDiv                 13637      0.00%     79.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMisc                13905      0.00%     79.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     79.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAdd                  42536      0.00%     79.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     79.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAlu                 105516      0.01%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdCmp                  56720      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdMisc                 35829      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatMisc             4144      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead              209150666     12.54%     92.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite             124767186      7.48%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMemWrite               16      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::total               1667351512                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         460.289523                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.total_refs         323770578                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         7151684                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.avg_refs           45.271936                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   460.289523                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.899003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.899003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          460                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          460                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.898438                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       654698196                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.data_accesses      654698196                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu00.data    192520343                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total     192520343                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu00.data    122676600                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total    122676600                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu00.data       315910                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total       315910                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu00.data        65312                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total        65312                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu00.data       487417                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       487417                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu00.data       473149                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       473149                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::cpu00.data    315262255                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total      315262255                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::cpu00.data    315578165                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total     315578165                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu00.data      5667162                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      5667162                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu00.data      1304871                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1304871                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu00.data        36828                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        36828                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu00.data       191864                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total       191864                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu00.data         9163                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         9163                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu00.data        21885                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        21885                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::cpu00.data      7163897                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total      7163897                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::cpu00.data      7200725                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total      7200725                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu00.data    198187505                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    198187505                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu00.data    123981471                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    123981471                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu00.data       352738                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total       352738                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu00.data       257176                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total       257176                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu00.data       496580                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       496580                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu00.data       495034                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       495034                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu00.data    322426152                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total    322426152                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu00.data    322778890                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total    322778890                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.028595                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.028595                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.010525                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.010525                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.104406                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.104406                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.746042                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.746042                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.018452                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.018452                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.044209                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.044209                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.022219                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.022219                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.022309                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.022309                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      2748784                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total         2748784                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements              7077998                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.icache.tags.tagsinuse         511.999999                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.tags.total_refs        1469153757                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.tags.sampled_refs         1837323                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.tags.avg_refs          799.616484                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst   511.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu00.icache.tags.tag_accesses      2940144837                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu00.icache.tags.data_accesses     2940144837                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu00.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu00.inst   1467316434                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total    1467316434                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::cpu00.inst   1467316434                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total     1467316434                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::cpu00.inst   1467316434                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total    1467316434                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu00.inst      1837323                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      1837323                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::cpu00.inst      1837323                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total      1837323                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::cpu00.inst      1837323                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total      1837323                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu00.inst   1469153757                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1469153757                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::cpu00.inst   1469153757                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total   1469153757                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::cpu00.inst   1469153757                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total   1469153757                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.001251                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001251                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.001251                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001251                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.001251                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001251                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.writebacks::writebacks      1836811                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.icache.writebacks::total         1836811                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.icache.replacements              1836811                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walks                  173016                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walksLong              173016                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples       173016                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0        173016    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total       173016                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples     15753148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walksPending::0      15753148    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walksPending::total     15753148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K       170054     98.49%     98.49% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M         2318      1.34%     99.83% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G          294      0.17%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total       172666                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data       173016                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total       173016                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data       172666                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total       172666                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total       345682                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                   53662047                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                   161908                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                  52906774                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                   11108                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10621                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                   100                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                    456                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                 4679                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                     127                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses               53823955                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses              52917882                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                       106568821                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                        173016                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                   106741837                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walks                  269837                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walksLong              269837                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples       269837                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0        269837    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total       269837                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walksPending::samples     15777148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walksPending::0      15777148    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walksPending::total     15777148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K       267420     99.14%     99.14% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M         2317      0.86%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total       269737                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst       269837                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total       269837                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst       269737                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total       269737                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total       539574                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                  838769212                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                   269837                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10621                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                   100                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                    434                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses              839039049                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                       838769212                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                        269837                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                   839039049                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numPwrStateTransitions              8742                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         4371                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   10269970687522.378906                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  27030247314532.585938                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          664     15.19%     15.19% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         3069     70.21%     85.40% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::4e+11-4.5e+11            2      0.05%     85.45% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::4.5e+11-5e+11            1      0.02%     85.47% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::5e+11-5.5e+11            2      0.05%     85.52% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::9e+11-9.5e+11            1      0.02%     85.54% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows          632     14.46%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 85332409838192                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::total          4371                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  471981417594                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 44890041875160320                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.numCycles                   89768251556201                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu01.kern.inst.quiesce                   4372                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                 839028946                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                   943955741                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.committedUserInsts             781925607                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses           847638169                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                   32                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_vec_alu_accesses             1437648                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                  37780545                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts    105018747                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                  847638169                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                          32                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_vec_insts                    1437648                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads        1275880372                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes        645800535                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                 32                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_vec_register_reads           2065210                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu01.num_vec_register_writes          1222138                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu01.num_cc_register_reads         2561517101                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu01.num_cc_register_writes         638709620                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                   116785636                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                  63845817                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                 52939819                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles             89767307727695.046875                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles             943828505.946641                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction               0.000011                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                   0.999989                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.Branches                       138880354                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu01.op_class::No_OpClass               59665      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IntAlu               817867458     86.64%     86.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IntMult                8113808      0.86%     87.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IntDiv                   65233      0.01%     87.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     87.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     87.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     87.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     87.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     87.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     87.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     87.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     87.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAdd                 199844      0.02%     87.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     87.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAlu                 426681      0.05%     87.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdCmp                 238660      0.03%     87.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     87.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdMisc                200411      0.02%     87.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     87.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     87.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     87.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     87.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     87.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     87.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     87.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     87.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     87.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     87.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatMisc             8348      0.00%     87.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     87.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     87.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     87.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead               63845817      6.76%     94.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite              52939787      5.61%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMemWrite               32      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::total                943965744                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         465.343833                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.total_refs         106723294                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         1838528                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.avg_refs           58.048229                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054782000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.data   465.343833                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.908875                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.908875                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          465                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          465                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.908203                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       215296380                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.data_accesses      215296380                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu01.data     51961076                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      51961076                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu01.data     52184675                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     52184675                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu01.data       152470                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total       152470                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu01.data         8716                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         8716                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu01.data       259826                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       259826                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu01.data       234912                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       234912                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::cpu01.data    104154467                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total      104154467                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::cpu01.data    104306937                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total     104306937                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu01.data      1397446                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1397446                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu01.data       376761                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       376761                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu01.data        37002                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        37002                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu01.data        70052                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        70052                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu01.data         8375                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         8375                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu01.data        31983                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        31983                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::cpu01.data      1844259                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total      1844259                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::cpu01.data      1881261                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total      1881261                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu01.data     53358522                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     53358522                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu01.data     52561436                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     52561436                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu01.data       189472                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total       189472                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu01.data        78768                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        78768                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu01.data       268201                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       268201                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu01.data       266895                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       266895                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu01.data    105998726                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total    105998726                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu01.data    106188198                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total    106188198                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.026190                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.026190                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.007168                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.007168                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.195290                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.195290                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.889346                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.889346                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.031227                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.031227                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.119834                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.119834                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.017399                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017399                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.017716                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017716                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      1127755                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total         1127755                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements              1768245                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.icache.tags.tagsinuse         511.987184                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.tags.total_refs         839038949                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.tags.sampled_refs         2625206                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.tags.avg_refs          319.608804                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054781500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst   511.987184                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.999975                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999975                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu01.icache.tags.tag_accesses      1680703104                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu01.icache.tags.data_accesses     1680703104                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu01.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu01.inst    836413743                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     836413743                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::cpu01.inst    836413743                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total      836413743                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::cpu01.inst    836413743                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total     836413743                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu01.inst      2625206                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      2625206                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::cpu01.inst      2625206                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total      2625206                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::cpu01.inst      2625206                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total      2625206                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu01.inst    839038949                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    839038949                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::cpu01.inst    839038949                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total    839038949                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::cpu01.inst    839038949                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total    839038949                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu01.inst     0.003129                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003129                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu01.inst     0.003129                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003129                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu01.inst     0.003129                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003129                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.writebacks::writebacks      2624694                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.icache.writebacks::total         2624694                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.icache.replacements              2624694                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walks                 1130459                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walksLong             1130459                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples      1130459                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0       1130459    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total      1130459                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples   -813046252                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walksPending::0    -813046252    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walksPending::total   -813046252                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K      1108171     98.32%     98.32% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M        17913      1.59%     99.91% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G          997      0.09%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total      1127081                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data      1130459                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total      1130459                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data      1127081                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total      1127081                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total      2257540                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                  138517619                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                  1076343                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                 124855112                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                   54116                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10621                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                   100                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                   2386                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                36718                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                     600                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses              139593962                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses             124909228                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                       263372731                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                       1130459                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                   264503190                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walks                 1970288                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walksLong             1970288                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples      1970288                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0       1970288    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total      1970288                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walksPending::samples   -812740252                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walksPending::0    -812740252    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walksPending::total   -812740252                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K      1952058     99.09%     99.09% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M        17859      0.91%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total      1969917                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst      1970288                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total      1970288                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst      1969917                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total      1969917                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total      3940205                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                 1262379787                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                  1970288                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10621                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                   100                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                   1953                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses             1264350075                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                      1262379787                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                       1970288                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                  1264350075                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numPwrStateTransitions             40358                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples        20179                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   2197596194364.922852                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  11391517382821.281250                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows         2570     12.74%     12.74% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10        16242     80.49%     93.23% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::1e+11-1.5e+11            1      0.00%     93.23% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::1.5e+11-2e+11            1      0.00%     93.24% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::2e+11-2.5e+11            5      0.02%     93.26% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::2.5e+11-3e+11            1      0.00%     93.27% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::3e+11-3.5e+11            1      0.00%     93.27% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::3.5e+11-4e+11            1      0.00%     93.28% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::4.5e+11-5e+11            3      0.01%     93.29% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::6.5e+11-7e+11            1      0.00%     93.30% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::7e+11-7.5e+11            7      0.03%     93.33% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::9.5e+11-1e+12            5      0.02%     93.35% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows         1341      6.65%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 756237683720500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::total         20179                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  545220250487722                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 44345293606089776                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.numCycles                   103275273734474                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu02.kern.inst.quiesce                  20180                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                1264276709                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                  1453242361                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.committedUserInsts             916717175                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses          1317393468                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                   16                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_vec_alu_accesses            10975650                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                  68593455                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts    163601397                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                 1317393468                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                          16                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_vec_insts                   10975650                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads        1942692105                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes       1016600478                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                 16                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_vec_register_reads          15972591                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu02.num_vec_register_writes          9708643                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu02.num_cc_register_reads         2682525994                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu02.num_cc_register_writes         744470049                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                   275291948                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                 150387057                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                124904891                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles             103273601999343.390625                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles             1671735130.612700                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction               0.000016                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                   0.999984                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.Branches                       232908344                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu02.op_class::No_OpClass              473605      0.03%      0.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IntAlu              1159875289     79.81%     79.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IntMult                8849016      0.61%     80.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IntDiv                  345215      0.02%     80.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatAdd                     5      0.00%     80.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     80.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatCvt                     5      0.00%     80.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMult                    1      0.00%     80.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     80.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatDiv                     2      0.00%     80.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMisc                   10      0.00%     80.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     80.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAdd                1588222      0.11%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAlu                3396538      0.23%     80.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdCmp                1894420      0.13%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdMisc               1596846      0.11%     81.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     81.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     81.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     81.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     81.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     81.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     81.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     81.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     81.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     81.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     81.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatMisc             4234      0.00%     81.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     81.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     81.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     81.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead              150387057     10.35%     91.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite             124904875      8.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMemWrite               16      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::total               1453315356                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         433.165260                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.total_refs         264440227                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         8108787                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.avg_refs           32.611564                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    7291616654582500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.data   433.165260                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.846026                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.846026                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          499                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          233                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          148                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          118                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.974609                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       537000263                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.data_accesses      537000263                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu02.data    130321247                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total     130321247                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu02.data    121241561                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total    121241561                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu02.data       959963                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total       959963                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu02.data       144867                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total       144867                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu02.data      1716599                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total      1716599                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu02.data      1574069                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total      1574069                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::cpu02.data    251707675                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total      251707675                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::cpu02.data    252667638                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total     252667638                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu02.data      6271250                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      6271250                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu02.data      1268054                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1268054                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu02.data       239571                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total       239571                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu02.data       466418                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total       466418                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu02.data        49196                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        49196                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu02.data       187375                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total       187375                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::cpu02.data      8005722                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total      8005722                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::cpu02.data      8245293                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total      8245293                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu02.data    136592497                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    136592497                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu02.data    122509615                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    122509615                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu02.data      1199534                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total      1199534                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu02.data       611285                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total       611285                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu02.data      1765795                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total      1765795                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu02.data      1761444                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total      1761444                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu02.data    259713397                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total    259713397                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu02.data    260912931                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total    260912931                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.045912                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.045912                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.010351                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.010351                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.199720                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.199720                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.763012                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.763012                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.027861                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.027861                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.106376                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.106376                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.030825                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.030825                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.031602                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.031602                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      3848091                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total         3848091                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements              7850511                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.icache.tags.tagsinuse         505.789762                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.tags.total_refs        1264349704                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.tags.sampled_refs        18484196                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.tags.avg_refs           68.401661                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    7291616654577500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   505.789762                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.987871                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.987871                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          479                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu02.icache.tags.tag_accesses      2547183604                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu02.icache.tags.data_accesses     2547183604                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu02.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu02.inst   1245865508                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total    1245865508                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::cpu02.inst   1245865508                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total     1245865508                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::cpu02.inst   1245865508                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total    1245865508                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu02.inst     18484196                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     18484196                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::cpu02.inst     18484196                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total     18484196                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::cpu02.inst     18484196                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total     18484196                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu02.inst   1264349704                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1264349704                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::cpu02.inst   1264349704                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total   1264349704                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::cpu02.inst   1264349704                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total   1264349704                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu02.inst     0.014620                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014620                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu02.inst     0.014620                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014620                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu02.inst     0.014620                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014620                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.writebacks::writebacks     18483684                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.icache.writebacks::total        18483684                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.icache.replacements             18483684                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walks                   43739                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walksLong               43739                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        43739                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         43739    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        43739                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples   1397520248                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walksPending::0    1397520248    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walksPending::total   1397520248                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        42321     99.20%     99.20% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          117      0.27%     99.47% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G          224      0.53%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        42662                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        43739                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        43739                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        42662                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        42662                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        86401                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                   43827237                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                    36958                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                  43620743                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                    6781                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10621                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                   100                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                    562                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                  410                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                     164                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses               43864195                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses              43627524                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                        87447980                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                         43739                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                    87491719                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walks                   25605                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walksLong               25605                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        25605                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         25605    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        25605                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walksPending::samples   1347126248                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walksPending::0    1347126248    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walksPending::total   1347126248                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        25380     99.81%     99.81% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           49      0.19%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        25429                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        25605                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        25605                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        25429                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        25429                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        51034                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                  807583823                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                    25605                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10621                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                   100                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                    483                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses              807609428                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                       807583823                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                         25605                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                   807609428                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numPwrStateTransitions              4062                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         2031                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   22102443639106.464844                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  906215947065913.125000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          644     31.71%     31.71% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         1359     66.91%     98.62% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::2.5e+11-3e+11            1      0.05%     98.67% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::4e+11-4.5e+11            1      0.05%     98.72% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::9e+11-9.5e+11            1      0.05%     98.77% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows           25      1.23%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 40745767536197000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::total          2031                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  450825552269                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 44890063031025232                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.numCycles                   21783738752355                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu03.kern.inst.quiesce                   2032                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                 807606357                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                   901649359                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.committedUserInsts             788457923                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses           808684098                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                   16                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_vec_alu_accesses               81736                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                  33682964                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts    100035074                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                  808684098                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                          16                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_vec_insts                      81736                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads        1217566312                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes        616480281                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                 16                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_vec_register_reads             86057                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu03.num_vec_register_writes            21235                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu03.num_cc_register_reads         2614849892                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu03.num_cc_register_writes         652112535                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                    97648308                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                  53995813                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                 43652495                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles             21783519983065.187500                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles             218769289.811498                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction               0.000010                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                   0.999990                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.Branches                       129200759                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu03.op_class::No_OpClass                 924      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IntAlu               796025785     88.29%     88.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IntMult                7939493      0.88%     89.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IntDiv                   18978      0.00%     89.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     89.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     89.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     89.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     89.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     89.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     89.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMisc                    2      0.00%     89.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     89.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAdd                   2664      0.00%     89.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     89.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAlu                   5490      0.00%     89.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdCmp                   3696      0.00%     89.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     89.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdMisc                  2772      0.00%     89.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     89.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     89.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     89.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     89.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     89.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     89.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     89.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     89.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     89.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     89.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatMisc             4142      0.00%     89.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     89.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     89.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     89.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead               53995813      5.99%     95.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite              43652479      4.84%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMemWrite               16      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::total                901652254                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         350.368104                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.total_refs          87484272                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         1127829                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.avg_refs           77.568738                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   350.368104                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.684313                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.684313                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          348                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          348                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.679688                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       176097781                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.data_accesses      176097781                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu03.data     42789600                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      42789600                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu03.data     43244248                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     43244248                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu03.data        74968                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        74968                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu03.data         1336                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         1336                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu03.data       106980                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       106980                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu03.data        90137                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        90137                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::cpu03.data     86035184                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total       86035184                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::cpu03.data     86110152                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total      86110152                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu03.data       875296                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       875296                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu03.data       244220                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       244220                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu03.data        12340                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        12340                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu03.data        25675                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        25675                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu03.data         1948                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1948                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu03.data        17524                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        17524                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::cpu03.data      1145191                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total      1145191                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::cpu03.data      1157531                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total      1157531                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu03.data     43664896                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     43664896                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu03.data     43488468                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     43488468                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu03.data        87308                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        87308                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu03.data        27011                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        27011                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu03.data       108928                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       108928                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu03.data       107661                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       107661                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu03.data     87180375                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total     87180375                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu03.data     87267683                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total     87267683                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.020046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.020046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.005616                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005616                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.141339                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.141339                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.950539                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.950539                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.017883                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.017883                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.162770                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.162770                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.013136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.013136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.013264                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.013264                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       821733                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total          821733                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements              1086110                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.icache.tags.tagsinuse         508.118586                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.tags.total_refs         807609252                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.tags.sampled_refs          438045                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.tags.avg_refs         1843.667322                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst   508.118586                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.992419                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.992419                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu03.icache.tags.tag_accesses      1615656549                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu03.icache.tags.data_accesses     1615656549                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu03.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu03.inst    807171207                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     807171207                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::cpu03.inst    807171207                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total      807171207                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::cpu03.inst    807171207                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total     807171207                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu03.inst       438045                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       438045                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::cpu03.inst       438045                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total       438045                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::cpu03.inst       438045                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total       438045                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu03.inst    807609252                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    807609252                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::cpu03.inst    807609252                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total    807609252                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::cpu03.inst    807609252                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total    807609252                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu03.inst     0.000542                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000542                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu03.inst     0.000542                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000542                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu03.inst     0.000542                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000542                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.writebacks::writebacks       437533                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.icache.writebacks::total          437533                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.icache.replacements               437533                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walks                   42864                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walksLong               42864                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        42864                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         42864    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        42864                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples     15751648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walksPending::0      15751648    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walksPending::total     15751648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        42188     99.21%     99.21% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          185      0.44%     99.65% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G          150      0.35%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        42523                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        42864                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        42864                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        42523                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        42523                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        85387                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                   41648698                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                    37498                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                  42554266                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                    5366                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10621                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                   100                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                    242                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                  397                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                      42                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses               41686196                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses              42559632                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                        84202964                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                         42864                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                    84245828                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walks                   42108                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walksLong               42108                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        42108                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         42108    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        42108                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walksPending::samples     15759148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walksPending::0      15759148    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walksPending::total     15759148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        41891     99.64%     99.64% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          152      0.36%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        42043                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        42108                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        42108                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        42043                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        42043                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        84151                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                  785619326                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                    42108                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10621                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                   100                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                    284                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses              785661434                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                       785619326                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                         42108                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                   785661434                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numPwrStateTransitions              4542                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         2271                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   19766655497667.730469                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  857001224898783                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          653     28.75%     28.75% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         1591     70.06%     98.81% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::4e+11-4.5e+11            1      0.04%     98.86% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows           26      1.14%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 40746207531337000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::total          2271                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  439221374085                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 44890074635203416                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.numCycles                   21782858762315                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu04.kern.inst.quiesce                   2272                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                 785659141                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                   878441991                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.committedUserInsts             769193398                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses           786985012                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                   16                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_vec_alu_accesses              150769                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                  33417896                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts     97610519                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                  786985012                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                          16                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_vec_insts                     150769                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads        1190028356                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes        597131093                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                 16                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_vec_register_reads            188358                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu04.num_vec_register_writes            80300                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu04.num_cc_register_reads         2571633366                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu04.num_cc_register_writes         632024332                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                    94397789                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                  51811922                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                 42585867                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles             21782645632722.191406                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles             213129592.809351                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction               0.000010                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                   0.999990                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.Branches                       126439190                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu04.op_class::No_OpClass                3850      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IntAlu               776113544     88.35%     88.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IntMult                7840964      0.89%     89.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IntDiv                   15964      0.00%     89.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     89.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatCmp                     1      0.00%     89.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatCvt                     2      0.00%     89.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     89.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     89.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatDiv                     1      0.00%     89.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     89.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     89.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAdd                  12658      0.00%     89.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     89.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAlu                  27035      0.00%     89.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdCmp                  15400      0.00%     89.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     89.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdMisc                 12805      0.00%     89.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     89.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     89.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     89.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     89.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     89.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     89.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     89.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     89.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     89.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     89.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatMisc             4206      0.00%     89.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     89.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     89.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     89.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead               51811922      5.90%     95.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite              42585851      4.85%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMemWrite               16      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::total                878444219                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         366.186430                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.total_refs          84239066                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         1051574                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.avg_refs           80.107597                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.data   366.186430                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.715208                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.715208                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          364                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          364                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.710938                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       169533674                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.data_accesses      169533674                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu04.data     40748955                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      40748955                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu04.data     42235593                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     42235593                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu04.data        44483                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        44483                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu04.data         1017                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         1017                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu04.data        64937                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        64937                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu04.data        52742                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        52742                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::cpu04.data     82985565                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total       82985565                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::cpu04.data     83030048                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total      83030048                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu04.data       814157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       814157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu04.data       233661                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       233661                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu04.data         9651                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         9651                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu04.data        20218                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        20218                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu04.data         1358                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1358                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu04.data        12294                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        12294                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::cpu04.data      1068036                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total      1068036                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::cpu04.data      1077687                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total      1077687                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu04.data     41563112                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     41563112                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu04.data     42469254                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     42469254                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu04.data        54134                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        54134                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu04.data        21235                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        21235                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu04.data        66295                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        66295                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu04.data        65036                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        65036                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu04.data     84053601                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total     84053601                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu04.data     84107735                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total     84107735                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.019588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.005502                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005502                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.178280                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.178280                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.952107                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.952107                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.020484                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.020484                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.189034                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.189034                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.012707                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012707                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.012813                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012813                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       745634                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total          745634                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements              1014934                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.icache.tags.tagsinuse         511.950099                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.tags.total_refs         785661369                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.tags.sampled_refs          506591                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.tags.avg_refs         1550.879050                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst   511.950099                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.999903                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999903                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu04.icache.tags.tag_accesses      1571829329                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu04.icache.tags.data_accesses     1571829329                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu04.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu04.inst    785154778                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     785154778                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::cpu04.inst    785154778                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total      785154778                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::cpu04.inst    785154778                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total     785154778                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu04.inst       506591                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       506591                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::cpu04.inst       506591                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total       506591                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::cpu04.inst       506591                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total       506591                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu04.inst    785661369                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    785661369                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::cpu04.inst    785661369                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total    785661369                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::cpu04.inst    785661369                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total    785661369                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu04.inst     0.000645                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000645                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu04.inst     0.000645                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000645                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu04.inst     0.000645                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000645                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.writebacks::writebacks       506079                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.icache.writebacks::total          506079                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.icache.replacements               506079                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walks                   44736                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walksLong               44736                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        44736                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         44736    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        44736                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples   -435815500                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walksPending::0    -435815500    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walksPending::total   -435815500                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        42809     99.39%     99.39% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          155      0.36%     99.75% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G          108      0.25%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        43072                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        44736                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        44736                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        43072                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        43072                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        87808                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                   45426114                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                    38986                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                  44257462                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                    5750                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10621                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                   100                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                   1099                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                  289                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                     300                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses               45465100                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses              44263212                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                        89683576                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                         44736                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                    89728312                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walks                   36743                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walksLong               36743                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        36743                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         36743    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        36743                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walksPending::samples   -435820500                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walksPending::0    -435820500    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walksPending::total   -435820500                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        36461     99.75%     99.75% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           92      0.25%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        36553                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        36743                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        36743                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        36553                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        36553                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        73296                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                  780003225                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                    36743                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10621                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                   100                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                    836                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses              780039968                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                       780003225                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                         36743                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                   780039968                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numPwrStateTransitions              5450                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         2725                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   15973885769674.726562                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  361219740551949.937500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          807     29.61%     29.61% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         1626     59.67%     89.28% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::2e+11-2.5e+11            1      0.04%     89.32% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows          291     10.68%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 18815285442645000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::total          2725                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  1361675134213865                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 43528838722363632                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.numCycles                   65644702940153                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu05.kern.inst.quiesce                   2726                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                 780036140                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                   874479652                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.committedUserInsts             758166770                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses           784115681                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                   16                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_vec_alu_accesses              111853                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                  33601739                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts     98405570                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                  784115681                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                          16                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_vec_insts                     111853                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads        1178193089                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes        595607107                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                 16                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_vec_register_reads            128073                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu05.num_vec_register_writes            42772                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu05.num_cc_register_reads         2506269582                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu05.num_cc_register_writes         622345303                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                    99700977                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                  55411832                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                 44289145                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles             65644063550108.789062                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles             639390044.206436                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction               0.000010                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                   0.999990                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.Branches                       127379034                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu05.op_class::No_OpClass                2029      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IntAlu               767078208     87.72%     87.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IntMult                7640096      0.87%     88.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IntDiv                   23949      0.00%     88.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     88.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     88.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     88.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     88.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     88.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     88.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMisc                    4      0.00%     88.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     88.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAdd                   6245      0.00%     88.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     88.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAlu                  13102      0.00%     88.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdCmp                   8116      0.00%     88.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     88.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdMisc                  6358      0.00%     88.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     88.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     88.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     88.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     88.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     88.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     88.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     88.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     88.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     88.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     88.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatMisc             4206      0.00%     88.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     88.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     88.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     88.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead               55411832      6.34%     94.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite              44289129      5.06%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMemWrite               16      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::total                874483290                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         327.701858                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.total_refs          89720971                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         1234208                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.avg_refs           72.695179                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    8108360948120500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu05.data   327.701858                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.640043                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.640043                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          333                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          333                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.650391                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       180676918                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.data_accesses      180676918                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu05.data     44306299                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      44306299                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu05.data     43817362                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     43817362                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu05.data        85484                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        85484                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu05.data         1462                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         1462                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu05.data       123655                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       123655                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu05.data       106702                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       106702                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::cpu05.data     88125123                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total       88125123                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::cpu05.data     88210607                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total      88210607                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu05.data       931928                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       931928                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu05.data       287559                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       287559                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu05.data        11847                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        11847                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu05.data        29894                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        29894                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu05.data         1679                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1679                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu05.data        17100                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        17100                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::cpu05.data      1249381                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total      1249381                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::cpu05.data      1261228                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total      1261228                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu05.data     45238227                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     45238227                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu05.data     44104921                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     44104921                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu05.data        97331                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        97331                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu05.data        31356                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        31356                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu05.data       125334                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       125334                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu05.data       123802                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       123802                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu05.data     89374504                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total     89374504                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu05.data     89471835                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total     89471835                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.020600                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.020600                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.006520                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006520                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.121719                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.121719                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.953374                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.953374                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.013396                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.013396                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.138124                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.138124                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.013979                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.013979                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.014096                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014096                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       895723                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total          895723                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements              1198975                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.icache.tags.tagsinuse         496.474361                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.tags.total_refs         780039778                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.tags.sampled_refs          481395                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.tags.avg_refs         1620.373660                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    8108360948115500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   496.474361                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.969676                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.969676                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu05.icache.tags.tag_accesses      1560560951                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu05.icache.tags.data_accesses     1560560951                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu05.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu05.inst    779558383                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     779558383                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::cpu05.inst    779558383                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total      779558383                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::cpu05.inst    779558383                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total     779558383                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu05.inst       481395                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       481395                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::cpu05.inst       481395                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total       481395                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::cpu05.inst       481395                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total       481395                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu05.inst    780039778                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    780039778                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::cpu05.inst    780039778                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total    780039778                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::cpu05.inst    780039778                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total    780039778                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu05.inst     0.000617                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000617                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu05.inst     0.000617                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000617                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu05.inst     0.000617                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000617                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.writebacks::writebacks       480883                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.icache.writebacks::total          480883                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.icache.replacements               480883                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walks                   54960                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walksLong               54960                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        54960                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         54960    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        54960                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples    183593952                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walksPending::0     183593952    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walksPending::total    183593952                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        52064     99.19%     99.19% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          232      0.44%     99.63% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G          194      0.37%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        52490                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        54960                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        54960                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        52490                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        52490                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total       107450                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                   48190004                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                    47815                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                  46615556                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                    7145                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10621                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                   100                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                   1220                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                  349                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                     438                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses               48237819                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses              46622701                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                        94805560                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                         54960                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                    94860520                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walks                   46342                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walksLong               46342                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        46342                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         46342    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        46342                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walksPending::samples    131421952                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walksPending::0     131421952    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walksPending::total    131421952                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        45929     99.74%     99.74% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          118      0.26%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        46047                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        46342                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        46342                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        46047                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        46047                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        92389                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                  824173854                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                    46342                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10621                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                   100                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                    677                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses              824220196                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                       824173854                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                         46342                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                   824220196                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numPwrStateTransitions              5080                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         2540                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   17673249249432.531250                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  810545317100836.375000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          909     35.79%     35.79% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         1624     63.94%     99.72% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::2.5e+11-3e+11            1      0.04%     99.76% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::4e+11-4.5e+11            1      0.04%     99.80% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows            5      0.20%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 40745775536100000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::total          2540                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  460763018868                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 44890053093558632                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.numCycles                   21783722753058                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu06.kern.inst.quiesce                   2541                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                 824214392                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                   921521815                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.committedUserInsts             798792636                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses           826745437                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                   16                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_vec_alu_accesses              162974                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                  34468681                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts    103540965                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                  826745437                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                          16                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_vec_insts                     162974                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads        1241083500                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes        629961060                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                 16                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_vec_register_reads            192114                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu06.num_vec_register_writes            78952                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu06.num_cc_register_reads         2610764505                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu06.num_cc_register_writes         655647200                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                   105028982                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                  58381119                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                 46647863                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles             21783499161640.175781                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles             223591417.824117                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction               0.000010                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                   0.999990                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.Branches                       133758339                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu06.op_class::No_OpClass                3759      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IntAlu               808460020     87.73%     87.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IntMult                7941877      0.86%     88.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IntDiv                   25784      0.00%     88.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     88.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     88.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     88.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     88.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     88.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     88.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMisc                    4      0.00%     88.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     88.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAdd                  11441      0.00%     88.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     88.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAlu                  23776      0.00%     88.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdCmp                  15036      0.00%     88.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     88.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdMisc                 12439      0.00%     88.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     88.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     88.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     88.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     88.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     88.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     88.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     88.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     88.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     88.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     88.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatMisc             4206      0.00%     88.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     88.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     88.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     88.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead               58381119      6.34%     94.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite              46647847      5.06%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMemWrite               16      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::total                921527324                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         375.894891                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.total_refs          94851286                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         1322246                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.avg_refs           71.734977                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.data   375.894891                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.734170                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.734170                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          380                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          380                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.742188                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       191027122                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.data_accesses      191027122                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu06.data     46910811                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      46910811                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu06.data     46135329                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     46135329                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu06.data       119864                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total       119864                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu06.data         3621                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         3621                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu06.data       162621                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       162621                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu06.data       144355                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       144355                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::cpu06.data     93049761                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total       93049761                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::cpu06.data     93169625                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total      93169625                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu06.data      1023850                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1023850                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu06.data       274718                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       274718                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu06.data        13642                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        13642                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu06.data        40572                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        40572                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu06.data         2685                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         2685                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu06.data        19218                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        19218                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::cpu06.data      1339140                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total      1339140                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::cpu06.data      1352782                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total      1352782                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu06.data     47934661                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     47934661                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu06.data     46410047                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     46410047                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu06.data       133506                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total       133506                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu06.data        44193                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        44193                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu06.data       165306                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       165306                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu06.data       163573                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       163573                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu06.data     94388901                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total     94388901                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu06.data     94522407                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total     94522407                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.021359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.005919                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005919                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.102183                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.102183                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.918064                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.918064                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.016243                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.016243                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.117489                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.117489                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.014187                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014187                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.014312                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014312                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       954992                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total          954992                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements              1282259                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.icache.tags.tagsinuse         508.118564                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.tags.total_refs         824219901                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.tags.sampled_refs          581061                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.tags.avg_refs         1418.473966                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst   508.118564                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.992419                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.992419                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu06.icache.tags.tag_accesses      1649020863                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu06.icache.tags.data_accesses     1649020863                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu06.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu06.inst    823638840                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     823638840                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::cpu06.inst    823638840                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total      823638840                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::cpu06.inst    823638840                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total     823638840                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu06.inst       581061                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       581061                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::cpu06.inst       581061                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total       581061                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::cpu06.inst       581061                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total       581061                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu06.inst    824219901                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    824219901                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::cpu06.inst    824219901                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total    824219901                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::cpu06.inst    824219901                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total    824219901                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu06.inst     0.000705                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000705                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu06.inst     0.000705                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000705                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu06.inst     0.000705                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000705                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.writebacks::writebacks       580549                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.icache.writebacks::total          580549                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.icache.replacements               580549                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walks                   44261                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walksLong               44261                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        44261                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         44261    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        44261                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples  -1493851344                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walksPending::0   -1493851344    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walksPending::total  -1493851344                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        42732     99.37%     99.37% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          173      0.40%     99.77% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G           99      0.23%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        43004                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        44261                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        44261                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        43004                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        43004                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        87265                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                   48552251                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                    37927                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                  47418037                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                    6334                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          2                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10621                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                   100                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                    880                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                  245                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                     307                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses               48590178                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses              47424371                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                        95970288                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                         44261                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                    96014549                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walks                   42798                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walksLong               42798                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        42798                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         42798    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        42798                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walksPending::samples     15775648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walksPending::0      15775648    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walksPending::total     15775648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        42508     99.85%     99.85% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           63      0.15%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        42571                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        42798                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        42798                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        42571                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        42571                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        85369                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                  819786809                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                    42798                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          2                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10621                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                   100                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                    582                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses              819829607                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                       819786809                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                         42798                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                   819829607                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numPwrStateTransitions              5968                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         2984                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   15043583911195.925781                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  28914196930048.726562                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          729     24.43%     24.43% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         1510     50.60%     75.03% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::3e+11-3.5e+11            1      0.03%     75.07% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows          744     24.93%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 85332409838192                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::total          2984                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  459465568863                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 44890054391008640                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.numCycles                   103243380210951                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu07.kern.inst.quiesce                   2985                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                 819826193                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                   918929501                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.committedUserInsts             786651034                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses           824762706                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                   16                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_vec_alu_accesses               77393                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                  35611635                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts    102415679                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                  824762706                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                          16                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_vec_insts                      77393                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads        1239570062                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes        627151249                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                 16                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_vec_register_reads             79893                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu07.num_vec_register_writes            15338                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu07.num_cc_register_reads         2609327112                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu07.num_cc_register_writes         649731811                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                   106077446                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                  58627414                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                 47450032                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles             103242323489311.796875                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles             1056721639.210624                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction               0.000010                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                   0.999990                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.Branches                       133323743                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu07.op_class::No_OpClass                 637      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IntAlu               804946783     87.60%     87.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IntMult                7861687      0.86%     88.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IntDiv                   31813      0.00%     88.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     88.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     88.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     88.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     88.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     88.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     88.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMisc                    4      0.00%     88.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     88.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAdd                   1839      0.00%     88.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     88.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAlu                   3895      0.00%     88.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdCmp                   2548      0.00%     88.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     88.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdMisc                  1830      0.00%     88.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     88.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     88.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     88.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     88.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     88.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     88.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     88.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     88.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     88.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     88.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatMisc             4206      0.00%     88.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     88.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     88.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     88.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead               58627414      6.38%     94.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite              47450016      5.16%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMemWrite               16      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::total                918932688                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         462.862825                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.total_refs          96005971                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         1293383                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.avg_refs           74.228570                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   462.862825                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.904029                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.904029                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          462                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          462                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.902344                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       193306093                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.data_accesses      193306093                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu07.data     47296099                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      47296099                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu07.data     46998956                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     46998956                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu07.data       101379                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total       101379                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu07.data         1264                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         1264                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu07.data       137253                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       137253                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu07.data       117570                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       117570                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::cpu07.data     94296319                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total       94296319                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::cpu07.data     94397698                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total      94397698                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu07.data      1036411                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1036411                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu07.data       254937                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       254937                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu07.data        12434                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        12434                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu07.data        27447                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        27447                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu07.data         1992                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1992                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu07.data        20229                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        20229                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::cpu07.data      1318795                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total      1318795                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::cpu07.data      1331229                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total      1331229                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu07.data     48332510                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     48332510                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu07.data     47253893                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     47253893                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu07.data       113813                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total       113813                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu07.data        28711                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        28711                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu07.data       139245                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       139245                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu07.data       137799                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       137799                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu07.data     95615114                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total     95615114                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu07.data     95728927                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total     95728927                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.021443                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021443                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.005395                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005395                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.109249                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.109249                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.955975                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.955975                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.014306                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.014306                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.146801                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.146801                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.013793                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.013793                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.013906                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.013906                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       859318                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total          859318                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements              1239582                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.icache.tags.tagsinuse         511.185654                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.tags.total_refs         819829380                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.tags.sampled_refs          656161                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.tags.avg_refs         1249.433264                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst   511.185654                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.998409                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998409                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu07.icache.tags.tag_accesses      1640314921                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu07.icache.tags.data_accesses     1640314921                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu07.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu07.inst    819173219                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     819173219                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::cpu07.inst    819173219                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total      819173219                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::cpu07.inst    819173219                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total     819173219                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu07.inst       656161                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       656161                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::cpu07.inst       656161                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total       656161                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::cpu07.inst       656161                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total       656161                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu07.inst    819829380                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    819829380                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::cpu07.inst    819829380                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total    819829380                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::cpu07.inst    819829380                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total    819829380                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu07.inst     0.000800                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000800                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu07.inst     0.000800                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000800                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu07.inst     0.000800                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000800                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.writebacks::writebacks       655649                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.icache.writebacks::total          655649                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.icache.replacements               655649                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walks                   30310                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walksLong               30310                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        30310                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         30310    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        30310                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples  -1233259344                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walksPending::0   -1233259344    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walksPending::total  -1233259344                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        29673     99.56%     99.56% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           61      0.20%     99.76% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G           71      0.24%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        29805                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        30310                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        30310                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        29805                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        29805                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        60115                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                   40942145                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                    25784                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                  41729061                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                    4526                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10621                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                   100                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                    425                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                  131                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                     137                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses               40967929                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses              41733587                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                        82671206                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                         30310                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                    82701516                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walks                   20779                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walksLong               20779                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        20779                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         20779    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        20779                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walksPending::samples  -1279631844                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walksPending::0   -1279631844    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walksPending::total  -1279631844                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        20605     99.78%     99.78% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           45      0.22%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        20650                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        20779                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        20779                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        20650                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        20650                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        41429                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                  767545754                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                    20779                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10621                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                   100                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                    345                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses              767566533                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                       767545754                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                         20779                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                   767566533                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numPwrStateTransitions              4100                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         2050                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   21897602211623.171875                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  902145384753058.250000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          608     29.66%     29.66% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         1433     69.90%     99.56% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::4e+11-4.5e+11            1      0.05%     99.61% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows            8      0.39%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 40745787535950000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::total          2050                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  429322749995                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 44890084533827504                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.numCycles                   21783698752868                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu08.kern.inst.quiesce                   2051                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                 767564327                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                   858644710                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.committedUserInsts             751582788                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses           769083303                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                   16                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_vec_alu_accesses               99438                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                  32706131                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts     95694760                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                  769083303                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                          16                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_vec_insts                      99438                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads        1163164345                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes        583690898                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                 16                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_vec_register_reads            115683                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu08.num_vec_register_writes            34976                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu08.num_cc_register_reads         2515386030                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu08.num_cc_register_writes         616233815                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                    92642198                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                  50882955                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                 41759243                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles             21783490418491.039062                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles             208334376.961841                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction               0.000010                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                   0.999990                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.Branches                       123814750                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu08.op_class::No_OpClass                1601      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IntAlu               758256537     88.31%     88.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IntMult                7698628      0.90%     89.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IntDiv                   14067      0.00%     89.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     89.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatCmp                     1      0.00%     89.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatCvt                     2      0.00%     89.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     89.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     89.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatDiv                     1      0.00%     89.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     89.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     89.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAdd                   5582      0.00%     89.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     89.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAlu                  12016      0.00%     89.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdCmp                   6404      0.00%     89.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     89.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdMisc                  5610      0.00%     89.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     89.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     89.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     89.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     89.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     89.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     89.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     89.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     89.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     89.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     89.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatMisc             4140      0.00%     89.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     89.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     89.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     89.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead               50882955      5.93%     95.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite              41759227      4.86%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMemWrite               16      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::total                858646787                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         348.448362                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.total_refs          82694819                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         1001189                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.avg_refs           82.596612                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.data   348.448362                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.680563                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.680563                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          347                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          347                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.677734                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       166394155                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.data_accesses      166394155                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu08.data     40057783                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      40057783                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu08.data     41412349                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     41412349                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu08.data        56225                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        56225                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu08.data         1264                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         1264                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu08.data        70222                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        70222                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu08.data        58107                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        58107                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::cpu08.data     81471396                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total       81471396                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::cpu08.data     81527621                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total      81527621                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu08.data       771561                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       771561                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu08.data       226533                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       226533                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu08.data         8202                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         8202                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu08.data        19381                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        19381                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu08.data         1128                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1128                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu08.data        12064                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        12064                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::cpu08.data      1017475                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total      1017475                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::cpu08.data      1025677                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total      1025677                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu08.data     40829344                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     40829344                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu08.data     41638882                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     41638882                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu08.data        64427                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        64427                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu08.data        20645                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        20645                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu08.data        71350                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        71350                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu08.data        70171                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        70171                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu08.data     82488871                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total     82488871                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu08.data     82553298                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total     82553298                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.018897                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.018897                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.005440                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005440                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.127307                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.127307                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.938775                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.938775                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.015809                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.015809                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.171923                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.171923                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.012335                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012335                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.012424                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012424                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       768448                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total          768448                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements               974559                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.icache.tags.tagsinuse         508.118543                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.tags.total_refs         767566404                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.tags.sampled_refs          417180                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.tags.avg_refs         1839.892622                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst   508.118543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.992419                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.992419                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu08.icache.tags.tag_accesses      1535549988                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu08.icache.tags.data_accesses     1535549988                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu08.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu08.inst    767149224                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     767149224                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::cpu08.inst    767149224                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total      767149224                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::cpu08.inst    767149224                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total     767149224                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu08.inst       417180                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       417180                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::cpu08.inst       417180                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total       417180                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::cpu08.inst       417180                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total       417180                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu08.inst    767566404                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    767566404                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::cpu08.inst    767566404                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total    767566404                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::cpu08.inst    767566404                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total    767566404                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu08.inst     0.000544                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000544                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu08.inst     0.000544                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000544                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu08.inst     0.000544                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000544                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.writebacks::writebacks       416668                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.icache.writebacks::total          416668                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.icache.replacements               416668                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walks                   40610                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walksLong               40610                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        40610                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         40610    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        40610                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples    531619656                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walksPending::0     531619656    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walksPending::total    531619656                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        37999     99.35%     99.35% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          139      0.36%     99.72% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G          108      0.28%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        38246                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        40610                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        40610                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        38246                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        38246                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        78856                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                   44362422                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                    35518                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                  43506303                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                    5092                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10621                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                   100                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                    650                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                  209                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                     255                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses               44397940                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses              43511395                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                        87868725                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                         40610                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                    87909335                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walks                   36464                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walksLong               36464                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        36464                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         36464    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        36464                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walksPending::samples    485523656                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walksPending::0     485523656    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walksPending::total    485523656                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        36170     99.87%     99.87% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           47      0.13%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        36217                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        36464                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        36464                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        36217                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        36217                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        72681                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                  765058954                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                    36464                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10621                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                   100                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                    371                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses              765095418                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                       765058954                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                         36464                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                   765095418                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numPwrStateTransitions              4357                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         2179                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   20601232033617.765625                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  875097929704806.125000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          647     29.69%     29.69% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         1525     69.99%     99.68% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::3e+11-3.5e+11            1      0.05%     99.72% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows            6      0.28%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 40745763535674000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::total          2179                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  429255324390                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 44890084601253112                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.numCycles                   21783746753548                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu09.kern.inst.quiesce                   2179                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                 765090795                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                   858507512                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.committedUserInsts             743443139                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses           768822539                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                   16                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_vec_alu_accesses               81572                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                  33322763                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts     97646292                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                  768822539                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                          16                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_vec_insts                      81572                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads        1160561364                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes        581349956                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                 16                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_vec_register_reads             83269                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu09.num_vec_register_writes            14317                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu09.num_cc_register_reads         2472253842                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu09.num_cc_register_writes         604676866                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                    97846263                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                  54307393                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                 43538870                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles             21783538451431.183594                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles             208302116.816074                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction               0.000010                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                   0.999990                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.Branches                       126253670                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu09.op_class::No_OpClass                 566      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IntAlu               753104494     87.72%     87.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IntMult                7527963      0.88%     88.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IntDiv                   19368      0.00%     88.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     88.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     88.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     88.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     88.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     88.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     88.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMisc                    2      0.00%     88.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     88.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAdd                   1664      0.00%     88.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     88.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAlu                   3513      0.00%     88.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdCmp                   2264      0.00%     88.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     88.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdMisc                  1651      0.00%     88.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     88.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     88.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     88.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     88.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     88.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     88.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     88.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     88.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     88.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     88.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatMisc             4140      0.00%     88.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     88.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     88.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     88.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead               54307393      6.33%     94.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite              43538854      5.07%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMemWrite               16      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::total                858511888                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         432.570380                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.total_refs          87902830                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         1141451                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.avg_refs           77.009727                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.data   432.570380                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.844864                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.844864                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          439                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          439                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.857422                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       176947239                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.data_accesses      176947239                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu09.data     43271819                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      43271819                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu09.data     43122849                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     43122849                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu09.data        95092                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        95092                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu09.data         1688                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         1688                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu09.data       121187                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       121187                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu09.data       106260                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       106260                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::cpu09.data     86396356                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total       86396356                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::cpu09.data     86491448                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total      86491448                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu09.data       894342                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       894342                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu09.data       231852                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       231852                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu09.data         9793                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         9793                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu09.data        31503                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        31503                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu09.data         1420                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1420                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu09.data        15025                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        15025                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::cpu09.data      1157697                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total      1157697                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::cpu09.data      1167490                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total      1167490                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu09.data     44166161                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     44166161                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu09.data     43354701                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     43354701                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu09.data       104885                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total       104885                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu09.data        33191                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        33191                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu09.data       122607                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       122607                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu09.data       121285                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       121285                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu09.data     87554053                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total     87554053                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu09.data     87658938                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total     87658938                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.020249                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.020249                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.005348                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005348                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.093369                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.093369                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.949143                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.949143                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.011582                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.011582                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.123882                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.123882                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.013223                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.013223                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.013319                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.013319                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       828827                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total          828827                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements              1111793                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.icache.tags.tagsinuse         508.118531                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.tags.total_refs         765095171                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.tags.sampled_refs          461802                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.tags.avg_refs         1656.760194                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst   508.118531                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.992419                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.992419                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu09.icache.tags.tag_accesses      1530652144                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu09.icache.tags.data_accesses     1530652144                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu09.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu09.inst    764633369                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     764633369                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::cpu09.inst    764633369                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total      764633369                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::cpu09.inst    764633369                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total     764633369                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu09.inst       461802                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       461802                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::cpu09.inst       461802                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total       461802                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::cpu09.inst       461802                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total       461802                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu09.inst    765095171                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    765095171                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::cpu09.inst    765095171                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total    765095171                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::cpu09.inst    765095171                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total    765095171                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu09.inst     0.000604                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000604                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu09.inst     0.000604                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000604                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu09.inst     0.000604                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000604                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.writebacks::writebacks       461290                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.icache.writebacks::total          461290                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.icache.replacements               461290                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walks                   29747                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walksLong               29747                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        29747                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         29747    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        29747                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples    -52057208                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walksPending::0     -52057208    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walksPending::total    -52057208                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        28249     99.43%     99.43% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           87      0.31%     99.74% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G           75      0.26%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        28411                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        29747                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        29747                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        28411                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        28411                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        58158                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                   32079114                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                    26018                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                  31115506                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                    3729                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10621                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                   100                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                    466                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                  246                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                     129                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses               32105132                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses              31119235                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                        63194620                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                         29747                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                    63224367                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walks                   15629                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walksLong               15629                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        15629                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         15629    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        15629                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walksPending::samples     36437928                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walksPending::0      36437928    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walksPending::total     36437928                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        15473     99.83%     99.83% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           26      0.17%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        15499                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        15629                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        15629                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        15499                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        15499                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        31128                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                  590830329                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                    15629                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10621                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                   100                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                    386                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses              590845958                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                       590830329                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                         15629                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                   590845958                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numPwrStateTransitions              1939                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          970                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   44875170734618.984375                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  1311130181518518                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          204     21.03%     21.03% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10          761     78.45%     99.48% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::1e+11-1.5e+11            1      0.10%     99.59% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::3e+11-3.5e+11            1      0.10%     99.69% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows            3      0.31%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 40745783535795504                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           970                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  1361598243997092                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 43528915612580416                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.numCycles                   21783706752096                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu10.kern.inst.quiesce                    970                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                 590843290                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                   659626490                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.committedUserInsts             578255877                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses           588623570                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_vec_alu_accesses               52035                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                  24327551                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts     76297194                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                  588623570                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_vec_insts                      52035                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads         887059703                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes        450616010                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_vec_register_reads             53508                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu10.num_vec_register_writes             9397                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu10.num_cc_register_reads         1912306482                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu10.num_cc_register_writes         478027648                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                    70881593                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                  39748994                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                 31132599                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles             21783546705456.378906                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles             160046639.623652                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction               0.000007                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                   0.999993                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.Branches                        97495039                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu10.op_class::No_OpClass                 387      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IntAlu               582479764     88.30%     88.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IntMult                6248095      0.95%     89.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IntDiv                   13000      0.00%     89.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     89.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     89.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     89.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     89.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     89.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     89.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMisc                    2      0.00%     89.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     89.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAdd                   1117      0.00%     89.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     89.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAlu                   2383      0.00%     89.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdCmp                   1548      0.00%     89.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     89.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdMisc                  1109      0.00%     89.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     89.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     89.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     89.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     89.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     89.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     89.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     89.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     89.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     89.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     89.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatMisc               30      0.00%     89.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     89.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     89.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     89.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead               39748994      6.03%     95.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite              31132599      4.72%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::total                659629028                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         395.123498                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.total_refs          63220269                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          852640                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.avg_refs           74.146497                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    8108391484579500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   395.123498                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.771726                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.771726                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          406                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          406                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.792969                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       127293178                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.data_accesses      127293178                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu10.data     31292411                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      31292411                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu10.data     30857622                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     30857622                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu10.data        53614                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        53614                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu10.data          977                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total          977                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu10.data        72205                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        72205                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu10.data        64038                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        64038                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::cpu10.data     62151010                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total       62151010                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::cpu10.data     62204624                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total      62204624                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu10.data       676836                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       676836                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu10.data       177063                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       177063                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu10.data         5971                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         5971                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu10.data         9145                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total         9145                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu10.data         1331                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1331                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu10.data         9056                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         9056                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::cpu10.data       863044                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total       863044                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::cpu10.data       869015                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total       869015                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu10.data     31969247                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     31969247                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu10.data     31034685                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     31034685                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu10.data        59585                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        59585                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu10.data        10122                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        10122                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu10.data        73536                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        73536                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu10.data        73094                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        73094                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu10.data     63014054                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total     63014054                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu10.data     63073639                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total     63073639                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.021171                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021171                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.005705                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005705                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.100210                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.100210                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.903478                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.903478                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.018100                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.018100                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.123895                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.123895                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.013696                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.013696                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.013778                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.013778                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       584340                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total          584340                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements               834480                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.icache.tags.tagsinuse         496.472960                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.tags.total_refs         590845828                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.tags.sampled_refs          279739                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.tags.avg_refs         2112.132481                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    8108391484574500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst   496.472960                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.969674                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.969674                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu10.icache.tags.tag_accesses      1181971395                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu10.icache.tags.data_accesses     1181971395                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu10.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu10.inst    590566089                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     590566089                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::cpu10.inst    590566089                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total      590566089                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::cpu10.inst    590566089                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total     590566089                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu10.inst       279739                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       279739                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::cpu10.inst       279739                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total       279739                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::cpu10.inst       279739                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total       279739                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu10.inst    590845828                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    590845828                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::cpu10.inst    590845828                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total    590845828                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::cpu10.inst    590845828                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total    590845828                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu10.inst     0.000473                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000473                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu10.inst     0.000473                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000473                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu10.inst     0.000473                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000473                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.writebacks::writebacks       279227                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.icache.writebacks::total          279227                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.icache.replacements               279227                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walks                   53482                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walksLong               53482                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        53482                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         53482    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        53482                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples    828311656                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walksPending::0     828311656    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walksPending::total    828311656                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        51411     99.30%     99.30% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          165      0.32%     99.62% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G          197      0.38%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        51773                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        53482                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        53482                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        51773                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        51773                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total       105255                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                   45709892                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                    46860                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                  44382146                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                    6622                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10621                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                   100                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                    806                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                  262                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                     248                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses               45756752                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses              44388768                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                        90092038                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                         53482                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                    90145520                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walks                   35193                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walksLong               35193                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        35193                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         35193    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        35193                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walksPending::samples    827681656                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walksPending::0     827681656    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walksPending::total    827681656                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        34911     99.82%     99.82% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           64      0.18%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        34975                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        35193                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        35193                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        34975                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        34975                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        70168                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                  779575132                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                    35193                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10621                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                   100                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                    596                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses              779610325                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                       779575132                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                         35193                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                   779610325                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numPwrStateTransitions              4867                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         2434                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   18219216541185.441406                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  65620524899889.203125                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          559     22.97%     22.97% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         1385     56.90%     79.87% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::3e+11-3.5e+11            1      0.04%     79.91% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows          489     20.09%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 2782364312271000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::total          2434                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  544940795332524                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 44345573061245360                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.numCycles                   103190829054126                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu11.kern.inst.quiesce                   2434                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                 779606468                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                   873930974                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.committedUserInsts             755459438                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses           783761539                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                   16                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_vec_alu_accesses               90436                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                  33595308                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts     98246138                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                  783761539                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                          16                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_vec_insts                      90436                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads        1177785421                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes        595578313                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                 16                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_vec_register_reads             98970                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu11.num_vec_register_writes            27608                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu11.num_cc_register_reads         2497178475                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu11.num_cc_register_writes         619772575                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                   100054723                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                  55641439                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                 44413284                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles             103189824589116.656250                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles             1004465009.348853                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction               0.000010                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                   0.999990                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.Branches                       127252243                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu11.op_class::No_OpClass                1279      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IntAlu               766214056     87.67%     87.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IntMult                7616601      0.87%     88.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IntDiv                   23184      0.00%     88.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     88.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     88.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     88.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     88.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     88.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     88.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMisc                    4      0.00%     88.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     88.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAdd                   3775      0.00%     88.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     88.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAlu                   7897      0.00%     88.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdCmp                   5116      0.00%     88.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     88.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdMisc                  3838      0.00%     88.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     88.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     88.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     88.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     88.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     88.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     88.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     88.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     88.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     88.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     88.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatMisc             4140      0.00%     88.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     88.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     88.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     88.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead               55641439      6.37%     94.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite              44413268      5.08%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMemWrite               16      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::total                873934613                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         381.205245                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.total_refs          90136341                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         1303586                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.avg_refs           69.144913                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    7291626883473000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   381.205245                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.744541                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.744541                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          383                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          383                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.748047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       181578444                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.data_accesses      181578444                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu11.data     44515670                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      44515670                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu11.data     43914528                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     43914528                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu11.data        95370                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        95370                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu11.data         1503                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         1503                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu11.data       133551                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       133551                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu11.data       114629                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       114629                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::cpu11.data     88431701                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total       88431701                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::cpu11.data     88527071                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total      88527071                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu11.data       993142                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       993142                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu11.data       305836                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       305836                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu11.data        12838                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        12838                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu11.data        28091                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        28091                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu11.data         1708                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1708                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu11.data        19475                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        19475                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::cpu11.data      1327069                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total      1327069                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::cpu11.data      1339907                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total      1339907                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu11.data     45508812                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     45508812                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu11.data     44220364                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     44220364                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu11.data       108208                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total       108208                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu11.data        29594                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        29594                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu11.data       135259                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       135259                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu11.data       134104                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       134104                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu11.data     89758770                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total     89758770                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu11.data     89866978                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total     89866978                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.021823                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021823                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.006916                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006916                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.118642                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.118642                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.949213                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.949213                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.012628                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.012628                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.145223                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.145223                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.014785                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014785                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.014910                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014910                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       904050                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total          904050                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements              1251058                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.icache.tags.tagsinuse         505.789646                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.tags.total_refs         779610107                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.tags.sampled_refs          458784                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.tags.avg_refs         1699.296634                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    7291626883468000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   505.789646                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.987870                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.987870                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu11.icache.tags.tag_accesses      1559678998                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu11.icache.tags.data_accesses     1559678998                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu11.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu11.inst    779151323                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     779151323                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::cpu11.inst    779151323                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total      779151323                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::cpu11.inst    779151323                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total     779151323                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu11.inst       458784                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       458784                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::cpu11.inst       458784                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total       458784                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::cpu11.inst       458784                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total       458784                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu11.inst    779610107                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    779610107                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::cpu11.inst    779610107                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total    779610107                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::cpu11.inst    779610107                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total    779610107                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu11.inst     0.000588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu11.inst     0.000588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu11.inst     0.000588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.writebacks::writebacks       458272                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.icache.writebacks::total          458272                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.icache.replacements               458272                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walks                   38939                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walksLong               38939                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        38939                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         38939    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        38939                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples   1403455156                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walksPending::0    1403455156    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walksPending::total   1403455156                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        38297     99.37%     99.37% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          107      0.28%     99.65% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G          134      0.35%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        38538                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        38939                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        38939                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        38538                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        38538                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        77477                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                   42394537                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                    33444                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                  42688378                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                    5495                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10621                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                   100                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                    396                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                  294                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                     109                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses               42427981                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses              42693873                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                        85082915                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                         38939                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                    85121854                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walks                   23648                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walksLong               23648                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        23648                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         23648    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        23648                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walksPending::samples   1352580656                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walksPending::0    1352580656    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walksPending::total   1352580656                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        23472     99.65%     99.65% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           82      0.35%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        23554                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        23648                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        23648                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        23554                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        23554                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        47202                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                  782610889                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                    23648                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10621                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                   100                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                    344                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses              782634537                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                       782610889                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                         23648                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                   782634537                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numPwrStateTransitions              4904                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         2452                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   18085469797265.101562                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  823031130705736.125000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          872     35.56%     35.56% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         1543     62.93%     98.49% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows           37      1.51%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 40746171531554000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::total          2452                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  544941913683469                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 44345571942894032                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.numCycles                   21782930762062                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu12.kern.inst.quiesce                   2453                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                 782632752                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                   875015730                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.committedUserInsts             763734883                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses           784592593                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                   16                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_vec_alu_accesses               69455                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                  33101825                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts     97057770                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                  784592593                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                          16                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_vec_insts                      69455                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads        1182519194                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes        597405966                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                 16                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_vec_register_reads             70799                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu12.num_vec_register_writes             6854                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu12.num_cc_register_reads         2545460669                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu12.num_cc_register_writes         631603339                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                    95120027                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                  52401277                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                 42718750                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles             21782718463175.132812                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles             212298886.867156                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction               0.000010                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                   0.999990                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.Branches                       125557150                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu12.op_class::No_OpClass                 295      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IntAlu               772103901     88.24%     88.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IntMult                7766610      0.89%     89.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IntDiv                   17797      0.00%     89.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     89.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     89.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     89.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     89.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     89.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     89.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMisc                    2      0.00%     89.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     89.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdAdd                    842      0.00%     89.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     89.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdAlu                   1780      0.00%     89.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdCmp                   1180      0.00%     89.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     89.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdMisc                   846      0.00%     89.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     89.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     89.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     89.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     89.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     89.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     89.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     89.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     89.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     89.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     89.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatMisc             4141      0.00%     89.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     89.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     89.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     89.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead               52401277      5.99%     95.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite              42718734      4.88%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMemWrite               16      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::total                875017421                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         387.693327                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.total_refs          85070076                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         1013635                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.avg_refs           83.925748                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    7291627460485500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.data   387.693327                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.757214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.757214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          393                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          393                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.767578                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       171245189                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.data_accesses      171245189                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu12.data     41471480                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      41471480                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu12.data     42323863                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     42323863                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu12.data        61673                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        61673                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu12.data         1122                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         1122                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu12.data        86482                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        86482                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu12.data        74021                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        74021                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::cpu12.data     83796465                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total       83796465                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::cpu12.data     83858138                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total      83858138                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu12.data       793424                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       793424                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu12.data       214186                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       214186                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu12.data        10520                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        10520                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu12.data        19352                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        19352                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu12.data         1392                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1392                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu12.data        12502                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        12502                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::cpu12.data      1026962                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total      1026962                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::cpu12.data      1037482                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total      1037482                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu12.data     42264904                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     42264904                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu12.data     42538049                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     42538049                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu12.data        72193                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        72193                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu12.data        20474                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        20474                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu12.data        87874                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        87874                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu12.data        86523                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        86523                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu12.data     84823427                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total     84823427                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu12.data     84895620                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total     84895620                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.018773                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.018773                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.005035                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005035                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.145720                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.145720                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.945199                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.945199                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.015841                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.015841                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.144493                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.144493                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.012107                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012107                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.012221                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012221                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       747902                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total          747902                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements               982418                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.icache.tags.tagsinuse         505.789639                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.tags.total_refs         782634443                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.tags.sampled_refs          468518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.tags.avg_refs         1670.446905                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    7291627460480500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst   505.789639                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.987870                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.987870                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu12.icache.tags.tag_accesses      1565737404                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu12.icache.tags.data_accesses     1565737404                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu12.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu12.inst    782165925                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     782165925                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::cpu12.inst    782165925                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total      782165925                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::cpu12.inst    782165925                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total     782165925                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu12.inst       468518                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       468518                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::cpu12.inst       468518                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total       468518                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::cpu12.inst       468518                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total       468518                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu12.inst    782634443                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    782634443                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::cpu12.inst    782634443                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total    782634443                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::cpu12.inst    782634443                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total    782634443                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu12.inst     0.000599                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000599                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu12.inst     0.000599                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000599                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu12.inst     0.000599                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000599                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.writebacks::writebacks       468006                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.icache.writebacks::total          468006                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.icache.replacements               468006                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walks                  437416                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walksLong              437416                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples       437416                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0        437416    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total       437416                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples    824199972                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walksPending::0     824199972    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walksPending::total    824199972                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K       430359     98.44%     98.44% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M         6470      1.48%     99.92% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G          335      0.08%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total       437164                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data       437416                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total       437416                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data       437164                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total       437164                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total       874580                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                   80512587                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                   414313                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                  76621136                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                   23103                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10621                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                   100                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                    323                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                13778                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                      38                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses               80926900                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses              76644239                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                       157133723                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                        437416                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                   157571139                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walks                  791395                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walksLong              791395                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples       791395                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0        791395    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total       791395                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walksPending::samples  -1661801528                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walksPending::0   -1661801528    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walksPending::total  -1661801528                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K       784766     99.16%     99.16% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M         6619      0.84%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total       791385                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst       791395                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total       791395                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst       791385                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total       791385                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total      1582780                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                 1011126116                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                   791395                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10621                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                   100                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                    331                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses             1011917511                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                      1011126116                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                        791395                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                  1011917511                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numPwrStateTransitions             22261                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples        11131                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   4032875801958.544434                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  30330426335094.417969                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows         2024     18.18%     18.18% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         8177     73.46%     91.64% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::2e+11-2.5e+11            2      0.02%     91.66% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::4.5e+11-5e+11            3      0.03%     91.69% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::6e+11-6.5e+11            1      0.01%     91.70% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::7e+11-7.5e+11            2      0.02%     91.72% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::8.5e+11-9e+11            1      0.01%     91.73% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::9.5e+11-1e+12            1      0.01%     91.73% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows          920      8.27%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 2782387666689000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::total         11131                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  573304977056                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 44889940551600560                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.numCycles                   103271475895954                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu13.kern.inst.quiesce                  11131                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                1011889431                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                  1146589046                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.committedUserInsts             861981389                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses          1034488776                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                   32                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_vec_alu_accesses             4174218                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                  49444071                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts    126320391                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                 1034488776                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                          32                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_vec_insts                    4174218                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads        1544094226                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes        792057452                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                 32                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_vec_register_reads           6048460                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu13.num_vec_register_writes          3654338                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu13.num_cc_register_reads         2759662724                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu13.num_cc_register_writes         711031275                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                   168206045                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                  91546294                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                 76659751                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles             103270156997037.515625                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles             1318898916.495235                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction               0.000013                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                   0.999987                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.Branches                       172865615                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu13.op_class::No_OpClass              178018      0.02%      0.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IntAlu               966319712     84.28%     84.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IntMult                8576549      0.75%     85.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IntDiv                  146467      0.01%     85.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     85.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     85.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     85.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     85.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     85.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     85.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     85.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     85.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdAdd                 597051      0.05%     85.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     85.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdAlu                1277149      0.11%     85.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdCmp                 712072      0.06%     85.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     85.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdMisc                599908      0.05%     85.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     85.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     85.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     85.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     85.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     85.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     85.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     85.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     85.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     85.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     85.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatMisc             4145      0.00%     85.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     85.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     85.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     85.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead               91546294      7.98%     93.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite              76659719      6.69%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMemWrite               32      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::total               1146617116                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         432.693245                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.total_refs         157544097                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         3781825                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.avg_refs           41.658220                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.data   432.693245                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.845104                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.845104                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          396                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          396                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.773438                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       318870659                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.data_accesses      318870659                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu13.data     76814278                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      76814278                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu13.data     75086364                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     75086364                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu13.data       374721                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total       374721                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu13.data        57469                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total        57469                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu13.data       651893                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       651893                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu13.data       594082                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       594082                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::cpu13.data    151958111                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total      151958111                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::cpu13.data    152332832                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total     152332832                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu13.data      2947073                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      2947073                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu13.data       670490                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       670490                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu13.data        95004                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        95004                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu13.data       143574                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total       143574                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu13.data        27270                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        27270                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu13.data        81879                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        81879                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::cpu13.data      3761137                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total      3761137                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::cpu13.data      3856141                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total      3856141                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu13.data     79761351                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     79761351                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu13.data     75756854                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     75756854                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu13.data       469725                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total       469725                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu13.data       201043                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total       201043                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu13.data       679163                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       679163                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu13.data       675961                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       675961                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu13.data    155719248                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total    155719248                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu13.data    156188973                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total    156188973                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.036949                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.036949                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.008851                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.008851                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.202255                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.202255                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.714146                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.714146                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.040152                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.040152                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.121130                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.121130                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.024153                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.024153                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.024689                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.024689                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      1930176                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total         1930176                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements              3648256                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.icache.tags.tagsinuse         511.259987                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.tags.total_refs        1011917501                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.tags.sampled_refs         7630076                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.tags.avg_refs          132.622205                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst   511.259987                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.998555                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998555                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu13.icache.tags.tag_accesses      2031465078                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu13.icache.tags.data_accesses     2031465078                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu13.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu13.inst   1004287425                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total    1004287425                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::cpu13.inst   1004287425                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total     1004287425                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::cpu13.inst   1004287425                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total    1004287425                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu13.inst      7630076                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      7630076                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::cpu13.inst      7630076                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total      7630076                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::cpu13.inst      7630076                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total      7630076                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu13.inst   1011917501                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1011917501                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::cpu13.inst   1011917501                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total   1011917501                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::cpu13.inst   1011917501                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total   1011917501                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu13.inst     0.007540                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.007540                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu13.inst     0.007540                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.007540                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu13.inst     0.007540                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.007540                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.writebacks::writebacks      7629564                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.icache.writebacks::total         7629564                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.icache.replacements              7629564                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walks                 1737738                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walksLong             1737738                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples      1737738                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0       1737738    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total      1737738                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples     15759648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walksPending::0      15759648    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walksPending::total     15759648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K      1735725     99.90%     99.90% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M         1757      0.10%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G           62      0.00%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total      1737544                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data      1737738                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total      1737738                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data      1737544                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total      1737544                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total      3475282                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                  634131251                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                  1523637                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                 570494914                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                  214101                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10621                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                   100                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                    148                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                69834                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       7                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses              635654888                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses             570709015                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                      1204626165                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                       1737738                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                  1206363903                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walks                10493858                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walksLong            10493858                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples     10493858                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0      10493858    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total     10493858                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walksPending::samples     15759148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walksPending::0      15759148    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walksPending::total     15759148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K     10464167     99.72%     99.72% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M        29685      0.28%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total     10493852                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst     10493858                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total     10493858                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst     10493852                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total     10493852                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total     20987710                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                 3499530676                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                 10493858                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10621                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                   100                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                    173                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses             3510024534                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                      3499530676                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                      10493858                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                  3510024534                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numPwrStateTransitions            444226                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples       222113                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   202097299970.893402                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  2462804703742.240234                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows       211607     95.27%     95.27% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         9022      4.06%     99.33% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows         1484      0.67%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 30235161808360                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::total        222113                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  2076268140161                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 44888437588435048                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.numCycles                   103275274044831                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu14.kern.inst.quiesce                 222113                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                3509274379                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                  4151791779                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.committedUserInsts            1093105057                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses          3859270898                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                   16                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_vec_alu_accesses             6646483                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                 268095504                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts    487069707                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                 3859270898                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                          16                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_vec_insts                    6646483                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads        5558952786                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes       2961283427                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                 16                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_vec_register_reads           7035117                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu14.num_vec_register_writes          3926218                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu14.num_cc_register_reads         3098037616                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu14.num_cc_register_writes        1193314355                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                  1214320916                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                 643990263                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                570330653                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles             103270497375069.140625                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles             4776669761.859071                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction               0.000046                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                   0.999954                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.Branches                       773193523                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu14.op_class::No_OpClass              151346      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IntAlu              2924822752     70.43%     70.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IntMult               10306749      0.25%     70.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IntDiv                  432812      0.01%     70.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     70.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     70.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     70.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     70.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     70.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     70.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     70.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     70.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdAdd                 452555      0.01%     70.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     70.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdAlu                 948141      0.02%     70.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdCmp                 605384      0.01%     70.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     70.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdMisc                497069      0.01%     70.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     70.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     70.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     70.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     70.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     70.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     70.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     70.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     70.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     70.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     70.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatMisc             4204      0.00%     70.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     70.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     70.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     70.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead              643990263     15.51%     86.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite             570330637     13.73%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMemWrite               16      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::total               4152541928                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         499.186873                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.total_refs        1206315107                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.sampled_refs        29708638                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.avg_refs           40.604861                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.data   499.186873                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.974974                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.974974                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           66                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          340                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          103                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.tag_accesses      2442338980                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.data_accesses     2442338980                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu14.data    591861221                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total     591861221                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu14.data    550577464                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total    550577464                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu14.data      8362673                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total      8362673                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu14.data       381025                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total       381025                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu14.data     12337407                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total     12337407                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu14.data     12585202                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total     12585202                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::cpu14.data   1142819710                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total     1142819710                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::cpu14.data   1151182383                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total    1151182383                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu14.data     21111367                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     21111367                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu14.data      5414158                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      5414158                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu14.data      1509642                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total      1509642                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu14.data      1523887                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total      1523887                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu14.data       450819                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total       450819                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu14.data       200242                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total       200242                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::cpu14.data     28049412                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total     28049412                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::cpu14.data     29559054                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total     29559054                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu14.data    612972588                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    612972588                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu14.data    555991622                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    555991622                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu14.data      9872315                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total      9872315                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu14.data      1904912                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total      1904912                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu14.data     12788226                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total     12788226                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu14.data     12785444                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total     12785444                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu14.data   1170869122                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total   1170869122                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu14.data   1180741437                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total   1180741437                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.034441                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.034441                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.009738                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.009738                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.152917                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.152917                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.799978                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.799978                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.035253                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.035253                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.015662                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.015662                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.023956                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.023956                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.025034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.025034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     15767849                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total        15767849                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements             29288228                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.icache.tags.tagsinuse         511.975680                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.tags.total_refs        3510024528                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.tags.sampled_refs       103533531                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.tags.avg_refs           33.902297                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst   511.975680                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.999952                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999952                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          228                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          275                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.tag_accesses      7123582587                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu14.icache.tags.data_accesses     7123582587                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu14.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu14.inst   3406490997                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total    3406490997                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::cpu14.inst   3406490997                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total     3406490997                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::cpu14.inst   3406490997                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total    3406490997                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu14.inst    103533531                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total    103533531                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::cpu14.inst    103533531                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total    103533531                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::cpu14.inst    103533531                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total    103533531                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu14.inst   3510024528                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   3510024528                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::cpu14.inst   3510024528                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total   3510024528                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::cpu14.inst   3510024528                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total   3510024528                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu14.inst     0.029497                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.029497                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu14.inst     0.029497                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.029497                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu14.inst     0.029497                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.029497                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.writebacks::writebacks    103533019                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.icache.writebacks::total       103533019                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.icache.replacements            103533019                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walks                  664821                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walksLong              664821                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples       664821                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0        664821    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total       664821                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples   -315558908                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walksPending::0    -315558908    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walksPending::total   -315558908                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K       652944     98.35%     98.35% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M        10466      1.58%     99.92% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G          518      0.08%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total       663928                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data       664821                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total       664821                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data       663928                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total       663928                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total      1328749                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                   95760204                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                   634353                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                  88834931                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                   30468                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10621                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                   100                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                    379                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                21418                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                      80                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses               96394557                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses              88865399                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                       184595135                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                        664821                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                   185259956                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walks                 1191639                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walksLong             1191639                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples      1191639                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0       1191639    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total      1191639                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walksPending::samples     16101648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walksPending::0      16101648    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walksPending::total     16101648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K      1181249     99.13%     99.13% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M        10315      0.87%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total      1191564                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst      1191639                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total      1191639                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst      1191564                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total      1191564                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total      2383203                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                 1038318363                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                  1191639                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10621                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                   100                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                    359                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses             1039510002                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                      1038318363                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                       1191639                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                  1039510002                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numPwrStateTransitions             28260                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples        14130                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   3176922932606.125000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  13400267485195.660156                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows         2105     14.90%     14.90% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10        10920     77.28%     92.18% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::2e+11-2.5e+11            2      0.01%     92.19% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::4.5e+11-5e+11            4      0.03%     92.22% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::7e+11-7.5e+11            1      0.01%     92.23% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::9.5e+11-1e+12            6      0.04%     92.27% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows         1092      7.73%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 85332409833192                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::total         14130                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  592818853135                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 44889921037724544                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.numCycles                   103220809774612                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu15.kern.inst.quiesce                  14131                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                1039467939                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                  1185605177                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.committedUserInsts             826461674                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses          1070826102                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                   16                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_vec_alu_accesses             6413132                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                  53585748                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts    132517183                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                 1070826102                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                          16                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_vec_insts                    6413132                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads        1594231790                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes        821824760                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                 16                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_vec_register_reads           9322214                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu15.num_vec_register_writes          5649392                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu15.num_cc_register_reads         2576715420                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu15.num_cc_register_writes         676612674                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                   195006560                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                 106137709                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                 88868851                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles             103219446652745.468750                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles             1363121866.538345                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction               0.000013                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                   0.999987                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.Branches                       184581473                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu15.op_class::No_OpClass              275552      0.02%      0.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IntAlu               976930724     82.40%     82.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IntMult                8288279      0.70%     83.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IntDiv                  208773      0.02%     83.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     83.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     83.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     83.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     83.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     83.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     83.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     83.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     83.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdAdd                 924350      0.08%     83.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     83.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdAlu                1977127      0.17%     83.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdCmp                1102208      0.09%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdMisc                929452      0.08%     83.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     83.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     83.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     83.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     83.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     83.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     83.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     83.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     83.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     83.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     83.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatMisc             4140      0.00%     83.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     83.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     83.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     83.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead              106137709      8.95%     92.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite              88868835      7.50%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMemWrite               16      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::total               1185647165                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         431.643367                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.total_refs         185220962                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         5080860                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.avg_refs           36.454648                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.data   431.643367                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.843053                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.843053                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          412                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          412                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.804688                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       375530336                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.data_accesses      375530336                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu15.data     90727407                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      90727407                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu15.data     86681729                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     86681729                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu15.data       544729                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total       544729                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu15.data        85756                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total        85756                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu15.data       971718                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       971718                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu15.data       884662                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       884662                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::cpu15.data    177494892                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total      177494892                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::cpu15.data    178039621                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total     178039621                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu15.data      3954926                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      3954926                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu15.data       867115                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       867115                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu15.data       143080                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total       143080                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu15.data       217129                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total       217129                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu15.data        29433                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        29433                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu15.data       113278                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total       113278                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::cpu15.data      5039170                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total      5039170                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::cpu15.data      5182250                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total      5182250                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu15.data     94682333                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     94682333                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu15.data     87548844                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     87548844                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu15.data       687809                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total       687809                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu15.data       302885                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total       302885                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu15.data      1001151                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total      1001151                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu15.data       997940                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       997940                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu15.data    182534062                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total    182534062                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu15.data    183221871                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total    183221871                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.041770                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.041770                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.009904                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.009904                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.208023                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.208023                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.716869                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.716869                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.029399                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.029399                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.113512                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.113512                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.027607                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.027607                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.028284                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.028284                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      2407772                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total         2407772                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements              4897100                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.icache.tags.tagsinuse         511.674999                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.tags.total_refs        1039509927                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.tags.sampled_refs        11274392                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.tags.avg_refs           92.200974                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst   511.674999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.999365                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999365                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu15.icache.tags.tag_accesses      2090294246                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu15.icache.tags.data_accesses     2090294246                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu15.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu15.inst   1028235535                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total    1028235535                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::cpu15.inst   1028235535                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total     1028235535                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::cpu15.inst   1028235535                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total    1028235535                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu15.inst     11274392                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     11274392                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::cpu15.inst     11274392                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total     11274392                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::cpu15.inst     11274392                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total     11274392                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu15.inst   1039509927                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1039509927                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::cpu15.inst   1039509927                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total   1039509927                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::cpu15.inst   1039509927                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total   1039509927                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu15.inst     0.010846                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010846                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu15.inst     0.010846                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.010846                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu15.inst     0.010846                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.010846                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.writebacks::writebacks     11273880                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.icache.writebacks::total        11273880                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.icache.replacements             11273880                       # number of replacements
system.iobus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                12177                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp               12177                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq              541396                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp             541396                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart0.pio        10248                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pci_ide.pio        23400                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.viopci.pio          852                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total        34500                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pci_ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      1072646                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pci_ide.dma::total      1072646                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                 1107146                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart0.pio        10248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pci_ide.pio        13050                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.viopci.pio          639                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total        23937                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pci_ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side     34242072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pci_ide.dma::total     34242072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                 34266009                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse               15.805930                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                 536323                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs               536323                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        1                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle         7291616820327001                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::pci_ide     15.805930                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::pci_ide     0.987871                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.987871                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses              4826907                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses             4826907                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pci_ide           3523                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total             3523                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::pci_ide       532800                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total       532800                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::pci_ide          536323                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total            536323                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::pci_ide         536323                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total           536323                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pci_ide         3523                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total           3523                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::pci_ide       532800                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total       532800                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::pci_ide        536323                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total          536323                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::pci_ide       536323                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total         536323                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pci_ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::pci_ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pci_ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pci_ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          532784                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total               532784                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.replacements                    536307                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l200.tags.tagsinuse               14376.106984                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.tags.total_refs                  25493519                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.tags.sampled_refs                 4601732                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.tags.avg_refs                    5.539983                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.tags.warmup_cycle            6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   1361.746805                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.dtb.walker    62.513528                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.itb.walker    79.207025                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst   4669.814094                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   8202.825531                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.083114                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.dtb.walker     0.003816                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.itb.walker     0.004834                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.285023                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.500661                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.tags.occ_percent::total          0.877448                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          141                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l200.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        14348                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l200.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          141                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l200.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        14348                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l200.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.008606                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l200.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.875732                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l200.tags.tag_accesses                56015100                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l200.tags.data_accesses               56015100                       # Number of data accesses
system.l200.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::cpu00.dtb.walker      7338320                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::cpu00.itb.walker       302887                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total               7641207                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      2748784                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l200.WritebackDirty_hits::total        2748784                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l200.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks      1836772                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l200.WritebackClean_hits::total        1836772                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l200.WriteClean_hits::writebacks            74                       # number of WriteClean hits
system.l200.WriteClean_hits::total                 74                       # number of WriteClean hits
system.l200.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu00.data          2510                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l200.UpgradeReq_hits::total               2510                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l200.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu00.data          176                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l200.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total              176                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::cpu00.data         249546                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total              249546                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu00.inst      1689429                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l200.ReadCleanReq_hits::total          1689429                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l200.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu00.data      2578576                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l200.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         2578576                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l200.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu00.data         5105                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l200.InvalidateReq_hits::total            5105                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::cpu00.dtb.walker      7338320                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::cpu00.itb.walker       302887                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::cpu00.inst           1689429                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::cpu00.data           2828122                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total               12158758                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::cpu00.dtb.walker      7338320                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::cpu00.itb.walker       302887                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::cpu00.inst          1689429                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::cpu00.data          2828122                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total              12158758                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::cpu00.dtb.walker        81869                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::cpu00.itb.walker         3080                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total               84949                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu00.data        55690                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l200.UpgradeReq_misses::total            55690                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l200.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu00.data        21709                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l200.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          21709                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::cpu00.data       997125                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::total            997125                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu00.inst       147893                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l200.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         147893                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l200.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu00.data      3134577                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l200.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       3134577                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l200.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu00.data       186759                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l200.InvalidateReq_misses::total        186759                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::cpu00.dtb.walker        81869                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::cpu00.itb.walker         3080                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::cpu00.inst          147893                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::cpu00.data         4131702                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total              4364544                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::cpu00.dtb.walker        81869                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::cpu00.itb.walker         3080                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::cpu00.inst         147893                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::cpu00.data        4131702                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total             4364544                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::cpu00.dtb.walker      7420189                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::cpu00.itb.walker       305967                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total           7726156                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      2748784                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      2748784                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks      1836772                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.WritebackClean_accesses::total      1836772                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.WriteClean_accesses::writebacks           74                       # number of WriteClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.WriteClean_accesses::total             74                       # number of WriteClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu00.data        58200                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          58200                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu00.data        21885                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total        21885                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu00.data      1246671                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total         1246671                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu00.inst      1837322                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total      1837322                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu00.data      5713153                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      5713153                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu00.data       191864                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.InvalidateReq_accesses::total       191864                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::cpu00.dtb.walker      7420189                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::cpu00.itb.walker       305967                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::cpu00.inst       1837322                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::cpu00.data       6959824                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total           16523302                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::cpu00.dtb.walker      7420189                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::cpu00.itb.walker       305967                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::cpu00.inst      1837322                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::cpu00.data      6959824                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total          16523302                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu00.dtb.walker     0.011033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu00.itb.walker     0.010066                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.010995                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.956873                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l200.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.956873                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l200.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.991958                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l200.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.991958                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.799830                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.799830                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.080494                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l200.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.080494                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l200.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.548660                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l200.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.548660                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l200.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.973393                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l200.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.973393                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::cpu00.dtb.walker     0.011033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::cpu00.itb.walker     0.010066                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.080494                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.593650                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.264145                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::cpu00.dtb.walker     0.011033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::cpu00.itb.walker     0.010066                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.080494                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.593650                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.264145                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks            1272805                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                 1272805                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.replacements                      4443642                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l201.tags.tagsinuse               14582.568064                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.tags.total_refs                  10230929                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.tags.sampled_refs                  440529                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.tags.avg_refs                   23.224190                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.tags.warmup_cycle            6747123054781500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   1141.636530                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.dtb.walker   105.736505                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.itb.walker   108.031088                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst   5716.995654                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.data   7510.168286                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.069680                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.dtb.walker     0.006454                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.itb.walker     0.006594                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.348938                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.458384                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.tags.occ_percent::total          0.890049                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          217                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l201.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        14521                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l201.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          217                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l201.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        14521                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l201.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.013245                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l201.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.886292                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l201.tags.tag_accesses                20961055                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l201.tags.data_accesses               20961055                       # Number of data accesses
system.l201.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::cpu01.dtb.walker       511932                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::cpu01.itb.walker       805511                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total               1317443                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      1127755                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l201.WritebackDirty_hits::total        1127755                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l201.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks      2624620                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l201.WritebackClean_hits::total        2624620                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l201.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu01.data           173                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l201.UpgradeReq_hits::total                173                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l201.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu01.data           80                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l201.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total               80                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::cpu01.data         257778                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total              257778                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu01.inst      2551993                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l201.ReadCleanReq_hits::total          2551993                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l201.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu01.data      1234307                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l201.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         1234307                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l201.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu01.data        51788                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l201.InvalidateReq_hits::total           51788                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::cpu01.dtb.walker       511932                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::cpu01.itb.walker       805511                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::cpu01.inst           2551993                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::cpu01.data           1492085                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                5361521                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::cpu01.dtb.walker       511932                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::cpu01.itb.walker       805511                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::cpu01.inst          2551993                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::cpu01.data          1492085                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total               5361521                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::cpu01.dtb.walker         2637                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::cpu01.itb.walker          767                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total                3404                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu01.data        50913                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l201.UpgradeReq_misses::total            50913                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l201.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu01.data        31903                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l201.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          31903                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::cpu01.data        67897                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::total             67897                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu01.inst        73213                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l201.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          73213                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l201.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu01.data       208516                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l201.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        208516                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l201.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu01.data        18264                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l201.InvalidateReq_misses::total         18264                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::cpu01.dtb.walker         2637                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::cpu01.itb.walker          767                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::cpu01.inst           73213                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::cpu01.data          276413                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total               353030                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::cpu01.dtb.walker         2637                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::cpu01.itb.walker          767                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::cpu01.inst          73213                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::cpu01.data         276413                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total              353030                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::cpu01.dtb.walker       514569                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::cpu01.itb.walker       806278                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total           1320847                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      1127755                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      1127755                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks      2624620                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.WritebackClean_accesses::total      2624620                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu01.data        51086                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          51086                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu01.data        31983                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total        31983                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu01.data       325675                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total          325675                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu01.inst      2625206                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total      2625206                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu01.data      1442823                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      1442823                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu01.data        70052                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.InvalidateReq_accesses::total        70052                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::cpu01.dtb.walker       514569                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::cpu01.itb.walker       806278                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::cpu01.inst       2625206                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::cpu01.data       1768498                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total            5714551                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::cpu01.dtb.walker       514569                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::cpu01.itb.walker       806278                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::cpu01.inst      2625206                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::cpu01.data      1768498                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total           5714551                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu01.dtb.walker     0.005125                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu01.itb.walker     0.000951                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.002577                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.996614                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l201.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.996614                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l201.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.997499                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l201.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.997499                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.208481                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.208481                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu01.inst     0.027888                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l201.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.027888                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l201.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.144519                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l201.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.144519                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l201.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.260721                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l201.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.260721                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::cpu01.dtb.walker     0.005125                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::cpu01.itb.walker     0.000951                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::cpu01.inst     0.027888                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.156298                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.061777                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::cpu01.dtb.walker     0.005125                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::cpu01.itb.walker     0.000951                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::cpu01.inst     0.027888                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.156298                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.061777                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks              92858                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                   92858                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.replacements                       250339                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l202.tags.tagsinuse               14597.154772                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.tags.total_refs                  62361917                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.tags.sampled_refs                 1918809                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.tags.avg_refs                   32.500325                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.tags.warmup_cycle            7291616654577500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   1433.647222                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.dtb.walker   123.374966                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.itb.walker   106.994787                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   5613.805357                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.data   7319.332440                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.087503                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.dtb.walker     0.007530                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.itb.walker     0.006530                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.342639                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.446737                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.tags.occ_percent::total          0.890940                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          241                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l202.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        14744                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l202.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l202.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          236                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l202.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           81                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l202.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          205                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l202.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        14458                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l202.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.014709                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l202.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.899902                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l202.tags.tag_accesses               126982499                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l202.tags.data_accesses              126982499                       # Number of data accesses
system.l202.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::cpu02.dtb.walker      3335477                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::cpu02.itb.walker      5878379                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total               9213856                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      3848091                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l202.WritebackDirty_hits::total        3848091                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l202.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks     18483413                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l202.WritebackClean_hits::total       18483413                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l202.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu02.data          1709                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l202.UpgradeReq_hits::total               1709                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l202.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu02.data          354                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l202.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total              354                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::cpu02.data         955809                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::total              955809                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu02.inst     18148714                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l202.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         18148714                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l202.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu02.data      5701887                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l202.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         5701887                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l202.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu02.data       325225                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l202.InvalidateReq_hits::total          325225                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l202.demand_hits::cpu02.dtb.walker      3335477                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::cpu02.itb.walker      5878379                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::cpu02.inst          18148714                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::cpu02.data           6657696                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total               34020266                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::cpu02.dtb.walker      3335477                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::cpu02.itb.walker      5878379                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::cpu02.inst         18148714                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::cpu02.data          6657696                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total              34020266                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::cpu02.dtb.walker        11162                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::cpu02.itb.walker         7345                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total               18507                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu02.data       183857                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l202.UpgradeReq_misses::total           183857                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l202.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu02.data       187021                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l202.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         187021                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_misses::cpu02.data       126679                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_misses::total            126679                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l202.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu02.inst       335479                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l202.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         335479                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l202.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu02.data       858130                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l202.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        858130                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l202.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu02.data       141193                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l202.InvalidateReq_misses::total        141193                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::cpu02.dtb.walker        11162                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::cpu02.itb.walker         7345                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::cpu02.inst          335479                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::cpu02.data          984809                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total              1338795                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::cpu02.dtb.walker        11162                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::cpu02.itb.walker         7345                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::cpu02.inst         335479                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::cpu02.data         984809                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total             1338795                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::cpu02.dtb.walker      3346639                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::cpu02.itb.walker      5885724                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total           9232363                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      3848091                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      3848091                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks     18483413                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.WritebackClean_accesses::total     18483413                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu02.data       185566                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         185566                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu02.data       187375                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total       187375                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu02.data      1082488                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total         1082488                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu02.inst     18484193                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total     18484193                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu02.data      6560017                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      6560017                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu02.data       466418                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.InvalidateReq_accesses::total       466418                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::cpu02.dtb.walker      3346639                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::cpu02.itb.walker      5885724                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::cpu02.inst      18484193                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::cpu02.data       7642505                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total           35359061                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::cpu02.dtb.walker      3346639                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::cpu02.itb.walker      5885724                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::cpu02.inst     18484193                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::cpu02.data      7642505                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total          35359061                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu02.dtb.walker     0.003335                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu02.itb.walker     0.001248                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.002005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.990790                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l202.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.990790                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l202.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.998111                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l202.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.998111                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.117026                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.117026                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu02.inst     0.018150                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l202.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.018150                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l202.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.130812                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l202.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.130812                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l202.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.302718                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l202.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.302718                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::cpu02.dtb.walker     0.003335                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::cpu02.itb.walker     0.001248                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::cpu02.inst     0.018150                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.128859                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.037863                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::cpu02.dtb.walker     0.003335                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::cpu02.itb.walker     0.001248                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::cpu02.inst     0.018150                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.128859                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.037863                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks             302767                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                  302767                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.replacements                      1049002                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l203.tags.tagsinuse               14260.132456                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.tags.total_refs                   3310157                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.tags.sampled_refs                  290529                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.tags.avg_refs                   11.393551                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.tags.warmup_cycle            6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   2247.040926                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.dtb.walker    64.978733                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.itb.walker    66.318278                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst   4398.019497                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   7483.775022                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.137148                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.dtb.walker     0.003966                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.itb.walker     0.004048                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.268434                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.456773                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.tags.occ_percent::total          0.870369                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          136                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l203.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        14353                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l203.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          136                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l203.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        14353                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l203.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.008301                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l203.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.876038                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l203.tags.tag_accesses                 6957295                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l203.tags.data_accesses                6957295                       # Number of data accesses
system.l203.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::cpu03.dtb.walker       120751                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::cpu03.itb.walker        72564                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                193315                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       821733                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l203.WritebackDirty_hits::total         821733                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l203.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       437509                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l203.WritebackClean_hits::total         437509                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l203.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu03.data           665                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l203.UpgradeReq_hits::total                665                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l203.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu03.data          164                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l203.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total              164                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::cpu03.data         150204                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total              150204                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu03.inst       403049                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l203.ReadCleanReq_hits::total           403049                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l203.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu03.data       723282                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l203.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          723282                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l203.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu03.data         4695                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l203.InvalidateReq_hits::total            4695                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::cpu03.dtb.walker       120751                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::cpu03.itb.walker        72564                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::cpu03.inst            403049                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::cpu03.data            873486                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                1469850                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::cpu03.dtb.walker       120751                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::cpu03.itb.walker        72564                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::cpu03.inst           403049                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::cpu03.data           873486                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total               1469850                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::cpu03.dtb.walker         1382                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::cpu03.itb.walker          322                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total                1704                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu03.data        30982                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l203.UpgradeReq_misses::total            30982                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l203.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu03.data        17360                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l203.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          17360                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_misses::cpu03.data        62369                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_misses::total             62369                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l203.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu03.inst        34996                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l203.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          34996                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l203.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu03.data       166302                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l203.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        166302                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l203.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu03.data        20980                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l203.InvalidateReq_misses::total         20980                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::cpu03.dtb.walker         1382                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::cpu03.itb.walker          322                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::cpu03.inst           34996                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::cpu03.data          228671                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total               265371                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::cpu03.dtb.walker         1382                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::cpu03.itb.walker          322                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::cpu03.inst          34996                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::cpu03.data         228671                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total              265371                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::cpu03.dtb.walker       122133                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::cpu03.itb.walker        72886                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total            195019                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       821733                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       821733                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       437509                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.WritebackClean_accesses::total       437509                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu03.data        31647                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          31647                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu03.data        17524                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total        17524                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu03.data       212573                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total          212573                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu03.inst       438045                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       438045                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu03.data       889584                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       889584                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu03.data        25675                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.InvalidateReq_accesses::total        25675                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::cpu03.dtb.walker       122133                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::cpu03.itb.walker        72886                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::cpu03.inst        438045                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::cpu03.data       1102157                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total            1735221                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::cpu03.dtb.walker       122133                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::cpu03.itb.walker        72886                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::cpu03.inst       438045                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::cpu03.data      1102157                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total           1735221                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu03.dtb.walker     0.011316                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu03.itb.walker     0.004418                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.008738                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.978987                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l203.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.978987                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l203.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.990641                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l203.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.990641                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.293400                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.293400                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu03.inst     0.079891                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l203.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.079891                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l203.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.186944                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l203.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.186944                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l203.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.817137                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l203.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.817137                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::cpu03.dtb.walker     0.011316                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::cpu03.itb.walker     0.004418                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::cpu03.inst     0.079891                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.207476                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.152932                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::cpu03.dtb.walker     0.011316                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::cpu03.itb.walker     0.004418                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::cpu03.inst     0.079891                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.207476                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.152932                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks              84313                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                   84313                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.replacements                       181193                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l204.tags.tagsinuse               12235.753879                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.tags.total_refs                   3351325                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.tags.sampled_refs                  234644                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.tags.avg_refs                   14.282594                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.tags.warmup_cycle            6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   1842.623542                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.dtb.walker    66.655696                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.itb.walker    64.023093                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst   4725.358335                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.data   5537.093214                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.112465                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.dtb.walker     0.004068                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.itb.walker     0.003908                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.288413                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.337957                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.tags.occ_percent::total          0.746811                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          129                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l204.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        12071                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l204.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          129                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l204.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        12071                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l204.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.007874                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l204.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.736755                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l204.tags.tag_accesses                 6975036                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l204.tags.data_accesses                6975036                       # Number of data accesses
system.l204.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::cpu04.dtb.walker       124770                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::cpu04.itb.walker       124723                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                249493                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       745634                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l204.WritebackDirty_hits::total         745634                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l204.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       506047                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l204.WritebackClean_hits::total         506047                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l204.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu04.data           167                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l204.UpgradeReq_hits::total                167                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l204.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu04.data           57                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l204.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total               57                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::cpu04.data         152777                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total              152777                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu04.inst       481057                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l204.ReadCleanReq_hits::total           481057                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l204.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu04.data       692638                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l204.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          692638                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l204.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu04.data         4342                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l204.InvalidateReq_hits::total            4342                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::cpu04.dtb.walker       124770                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::cpu04.itb.walker       124723                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::cpu04.inst            481057                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::cpu04.data            845415                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                1575965                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::cpu04.dtb.walker       124770                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::cpu04.itb.walker       124723                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::cpu04.inst           481057                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::cpu04.data           845415                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total               1575965                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::cpu04.dtb.walker         1579                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::cpu04.itb.walker          425                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total                2004                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu04.data        27298                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l204.UpgradeReq_misses::total            27298                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l204.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu04.data        12237                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l204.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          12237                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_misses::cpu04.data        53419                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_misses::total             53419                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l204.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu04.inst        25534                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l204.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          25534                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l204.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu04.data       132528                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l204.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        132528                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l204.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu04.data        15876                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l204.InvalidateReq_misses::total         15876                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::cpu04.dtb.walker         1579                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::cpu04.itb.walker          425                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::cpu04.inst           25534                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::cpu04.data          185947                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total               213485                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::cpu04.dtb.walker         1579                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::cpu04.itb.walker          425                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::cpu04.inst          25534                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::cpu04.data         185947                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total              213485                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::cpu04.dtb.walker       126349                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::cpu04.itb.walker       125148                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total            251497                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       745634                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       745634                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       506047                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.WritebackClean_accesses::total       506047                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu04.data        27465                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          27465                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu04.data        12294                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total        12294                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu04.data       206196                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total          206196                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu04.inst       506591                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       506591                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu04.data       825166                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       825166                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu04.data        20218                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.InvalidateReq_accesses::total        20218                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::cpu04.dtb.walker       126349                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::cpu04.itb.walker       125148                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::cpu04.inst        506591                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::cpu04.data       1031362                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total            1789450                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::cpu04.dtb.walker       126349                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::cpu04.itb.walker       125148                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::cpu04.inst       506591                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::cpu04.data      1031362                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total           1789450                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu04.dtb.walker     0.012497                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu04.itb.walker     0.003396                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.007968                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.993920                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l204.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.993920                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l204.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.995364                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l204.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.995364                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.259069                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.259069                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu04.inst     0.050404                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l204.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.050404                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l204.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.160608                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l204.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.160608                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l204.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.785241                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l204.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.785241                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::cpu04.dtb.walker     0.012497                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::cpu04.itb.walker     0.003396                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::cpu04.inst     0.050404                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.180293                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.119302                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::cpu04.dtb.walker     0.012497                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::cpu04.itb.walker     0.003396                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::cpu04.inst     0.050404                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.180293                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.119302                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks              75397                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                   75397                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.replacements                       147435                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l205.tags.tagsinuse               13968.412069                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.tags.total_refs                   3642396                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.tags.sampled_refs                  300514                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.tags.avg_refs                   12.120553                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.tags.warmup_cycle            8108360948115500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   2280.711776                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.tags.occ_blocks::cpu05.dtb.walker    83.202224                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.tags.occ_blocks::cpu05.itb.walker    67.832782                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.tags.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   4266.064976                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.tags.occ_blocks::cpu05.data   7270.600311                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.139204                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.tags.occ_percent::cpu05.dtb.walker     0.005078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.tags.occ_percent::cpu05.itb.walker     0.004140                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.tags.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.260380                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.tags.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.443762                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.tags.occ_percent::total          0.852564                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          161                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l205.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        14403                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l205.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          161                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l205.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        14403                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l205.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.009827                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l205.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.879089                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l205.tags.tag_accesses                 7640640                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l205.tags.data_accesses                7640640                       # Number of data accesses
system.l205.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::cpu05.dtb.walker       120409                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::cpu05.itb.walker       106448                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                226857                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       895723                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l205.WritebackDirty_hits::total         895723                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l205.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       480859                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l205.WritebackClean_hits::total         480859                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l205.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu05.data          1120                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l205.UpgradeReq_hits::total               1120                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l205.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu05.data          247                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l205.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total              247                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::cpu05.data         185829                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total              185829                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu05.inst       444079                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l205.ReadCleanReq_hits::total           444079                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l205.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu05.data       788045                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l205.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          788045                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l205.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu05.data         2918                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l205.InvalidateReq_hits::total            2918                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::cpu05.dtb.walker       120409                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::cpu05.itb.walker       106448                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::cpu05.inst            444079                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::cpu05.data            973874                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                1644810                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::cpu05.dtb.walker       120409                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::cpu05.itb.walker       106448                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::cpu05.inst           444079                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::cpu05.data           973874                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total               1644810                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::cpu05.dtb.walker         1666                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::cpu05.itb.walker          525                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total                2191                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu05.data        27498                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l205.UpgradeReq_misses::total            27498                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l205.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu05.data        16853                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l205.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          16853                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_misses::cpu05.data        73112                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_misses::total             73112                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l205.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu05.inst        37316                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l205.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          37316                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l205.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu05.data       157409                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l205.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        157409                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l205.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu05.data        26976                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l205.InvalidateReq_misses::total         26976                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::cpu05.dtb.walker         1666                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::cpu05.itb.walker          525                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::cpu05.inst           37316                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::cpu05.data          230521                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total               270028                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::cpu05.dtb.walker         1666                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::cpu05.itb.walker          525                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::cpu05.inst          37316                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::cpu05.data         230521                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total              270028                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::cpu05.dtb.walker       122075                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::cpu05.itb.walker       106973                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total            229048                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       895723                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       895723                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       480859                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.WritebackClean_accesses::total       480859                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu05.data        28618                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          28618                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu05.data        17100                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total        17100                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu05.data       258941                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total          258941                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu05.inst       481395                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       481395                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu05.data       945454                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       945454                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu05.data        29894                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.InvalidateReq_accesses::total        29894                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::cpu05.dtb.walker       122075                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::cpu05.itb.walker       106973                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::cpu05.inst        481395                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::cpu05.data       1204395                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total            1914838                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::cpu05.dtb.walker       122075                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::cpu05.itb.walker       106973                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::cpu05.inst       481395                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::cpu05.data      1204395                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total           1914838                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu05.dtb.walker     0.013647                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu05.itb.walker     0.004908                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.009566                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.960864                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l205.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.960864                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l205.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.985556                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l205.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.985556                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.282350                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.282350                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu05.inst     0.077516                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l205.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.077516                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l205.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.166490                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l205.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.166490                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l205.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.902388                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l205.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.902388                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::cpu05.dtb.walker     0.013647                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::cpu05.itb.walker     0.004908                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::cpu05.inst     0.077516                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.191400                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.141019                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::cpu05.dtb.walker     0.013647                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::cpu05.itb.walker     0.004908                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::cpu05.inst     0.077516                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.191400                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.141019                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks             100547                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                  100547                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.replacements                       209427                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l206.tags.tagsinuse               14370.330189                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.tags.total_refs                   4060515                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.tags.sampled_refs                  345842                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.tags.avg_refs                   11.740954                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.tags.warmup_cycle            6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   2884.286742                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.dtb.walker    52.090272                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.itb.walker    60.696837                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst   4245.205210                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.data   7128.051128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.176043                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.dtb.walker     0.003179                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.itb.walker     0.003705                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.259107                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.435062                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.tags.occ_percent::total          0.877095                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          117                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l206.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        14451                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l206.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          117                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l206.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        14451                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l206.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.007141                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l206.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.882019                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l206.tags.tag_accesses                 8539134                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l206.tags.data_accesses                8539134                       # Number of data accesses
system.l206.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::cpu06.dtb.walker       143927                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::cpu06.itb.walker       131791                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                275718                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       954992                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l206.WritebackDirty_hits::total         954992                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l206.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       580509                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l206.WritebackClean_hits::total         580509                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l206.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu06.data          1508                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l206.UpgradeReq_hits::total               1508                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l206.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu06.data          306                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l206.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total              306                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::cpu06.data         179773                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::total              179773                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu06.inst       528519                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l206.ReadCleanReq_hits::total           528519                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l206.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu06.data       850050                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l206.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          850050                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l206.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu06.data         6109                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l206.InvalidateReq_hits::total            6109                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l206.demand_hits::cpu06.dtb.walker       143927                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::cpu06.itb.walker       131791                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::cpu06.inst            528519                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::cpu06.data           1029823                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                1834060                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::cpu06.dtb.walker       143927                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::cpu06.itb.walker       131791                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::cpu06.inst           528519                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::cpu06.data          1029823                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total               1834060                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::cpu06.dtb.walker         2004                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::cpu06.itb.walker          673                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total                2677                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu06.data        31703                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l206.UpgradeReq_misses::total            31703                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l206.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu06.data        18912                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l206.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          18912                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::cpu06.data        61734                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::total             61734                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu06.inst        52542                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l206.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          52542                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l206.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu06.data       190127                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l206.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        190127                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l206.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu06.data        34463                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l206.InvalidateReq_misses::total         34463                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::cpu06.dtb.walker         2004                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::cpu06.itb.walker          673                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::cpu06.inst           52542                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::cpu06.data          251861                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total               307080                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::cpu06.dtb.walker         2004                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::cpu06.itb.walker          673                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::cpu06.inst          52542                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::cpu06.data         251861                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total              307080                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::cpu06.dtb.walker       145931                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::cpu06.itb.walker       132464                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total            278395                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       954992                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       954992                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       580509                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.WritebackClean_accesses::total       580509                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu06.data        33211                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          33211                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu06.data        19218                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total        19218                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu06.data       241507                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total          241507                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu06.inst       581061                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       581061                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu06.data      1040177                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      1040177                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu06.data        40572                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.InvalidateReq_accesses::total        40572                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::cpu06.dtb.walker       145931                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::cpu06.itb.walker       132464                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::cpu06.inst        581061                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::cpu06.data       1281684                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total            2141140                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::cpu06.dtb.walker       145931                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::cpu06.itb.walker       132464                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::cpu06.inst       581061                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::cpu06.data      1281684                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total           2141140                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu06.dtb.walker     0.013733                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu06.itb.walker     0.005081                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.009616                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.954593                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l206.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.954593                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l206.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.984077                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l206.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.984077                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.255620                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.255620                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu06.inst     0.090424                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l206.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.090424                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l206.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.182783                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l206.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.182783                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l206.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.849428                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l206.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.849428                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::cpu06.dtb.walker     0.013733                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::cpu06.itb.walker     0.005081                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::cpu06.inst     0.090424                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.196508                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.143419                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::cpu06.dtb.walker     0.013733                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::cpu06.itb.walker     0.005081                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::cpu06.inst     0.090424                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.196508                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.143419                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks              92831                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                   92831                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.replacements                       234012                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l207.tags.tagsinuse               14387.687672                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.tags.total_refs                   4126971                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.tags.sampled_refs                  330242                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.tags.avg_refs                   12.496808                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.tags.warmup_cycle            6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   1518.046450                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.dtb.walker    66.232744                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.itb.walker    92.131978                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst   4305.930365                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   8405.346134                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.092654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.dtb.walker     0.004043                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.itb.walker     0.005623                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.262813                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.513022                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.tags.occ_percent::total          0.878155                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          166                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l207.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        14605                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l207.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          166                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l207.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        14605                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l207.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.010132                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l207.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.891418                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l207.tags.tag_accesses                 8632874                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l207.tags.data_accesses                8632874                       # Number of data accesses
system.l207.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::cpu07.dtb.walker       120692                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::cpu07.itb.walker       123566                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                244258                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       859318                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l207.WritebackDirty_hits::total         859318                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l207.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       655633                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l207.WritebackClean_hits::total         655633                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l207.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu07.data           658                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l207.UpgradeReq_hits::total                658                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l207.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu07.data          294                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l207.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total              294                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::cpu07.data         141816                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total              141816                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu07.inst       622311                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l207.ReadCleanReq_hits::total           622311                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l207.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu07.data       858683                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l207.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          858683                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l207.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu07.data         4743                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l207.InvalidateReq_hits::total            4743                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::cpu07.dtb.walker       120692                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::cpu07.itb.walker       123566                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::cpu07.inst            622311                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::cpu07.data           1000499                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                1867068                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::cpu07.dtb.walker       120692                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::cpu07.itb.walker       123566                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::cpu07.inst           622311                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::cpu07.data          1000499                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total               1867068                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::cpu07.dtb.walker         1703                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::cpu07.itb.walker          819                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total                2522                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu07.data        39176                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l207.UpgradeReq_misses::total            39176                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l207.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu07.data        19935                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l207.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          19935                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_misses::cpu07.data        73287                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_misses::total             73287                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l207.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu07.inst        33850                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l207.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          33850                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l207.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu07.data       192154                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l207.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        192154                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l207.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu07.data        22704                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l207.InvalidateReq_misses::total         22704                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::cpu07.dtb.walker         1703                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::cpu07.itb.walker          819                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::cpu07.inst           33850                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::cpu07.data          265441                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total               301813                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::cpu07.dtb.walker         1703                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::cpu07.itb.walker          819                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::cpu07.inst          33850                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::cpu07.data         265441                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total              301813                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::cpu07.dtb.walker       122395                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::cpu07.itb.walker       124385                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total            246780                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       859318                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       859318                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       655633                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.WritebackClean_accesses::total       655633                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu07.data        39834                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          39834                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu07.data        20229                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total        20229                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu07.data       215103                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total          215103                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu07.inst       656161                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       656161                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu07.data      1050837                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      1050837                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu07.data        27447                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.InvalidateReq_accesses::total        27447                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::cpu07.dtb.walker       122395                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::cpu07.itb.walker       124385                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::cpu07.inst        656161                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::cpu07.data       1265940                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total            2168881                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::cpu07.dtb.walker       122395                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::cpu07.itb.walker       124385                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::cpu07.inst       656161                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::cpu07.data      1265940                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total           2168881                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu07.dtb.walker     0.013914                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu07.itb.walker     0.006584                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.010220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.983481                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l207.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.983481                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l207.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.985466                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l207.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.985466                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.340707                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.340707                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu07.inst     0.051588                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l207.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.051588                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l207.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.182858                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l207.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.182858                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l207.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.827194                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l207.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.827194                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::cpu07.dtb.walker     0.013914                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::cpu07.itb.walker     0.006584                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::cpu07.inst     0.051588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.209679                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.139156                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::cpu07.dtb.walker     0.013914                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::cpu07.itb.walker     0.006584                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::cpu07.inst     0.051588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.209679                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.139156                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks              91276                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                   91276                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.replacements                       203243                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l208.tags.tagsinuse               12592.056479                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.tags.total_refs                   2978110                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.tags.sampled_refs                  210589                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.tags.avg_refs                   14.141812                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.tags.warmup_cycle            6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   1913.122578                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.dtb.walker    55.144806                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.itb.walker    54.937001                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst   4698.675370                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.data   5870.176723                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.116768                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.dtb.walker     0.003366                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.itb.walker     0.003353                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.286784                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.358287                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.tags.occ_percent::total          0.768558                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          112                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l208.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        12507                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l208.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          112                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l208.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        12507                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l208.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.006836                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l208.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.763367                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l208.tags.tag_accesses                 6201953                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l208.tags.data_accesses                6201953                       # Number of data accesses
system.l208.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::cpu08.dtb.walker        87274                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::cpu08.itb.walker        60090                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                147364                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       768448                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l208.WritebackDirty_hits::total         768448                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l208.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       416647                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l208.WritebackClean_hits::total         416647                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l208.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu08.data           188                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l208.UpgradeReq_hits::total                188                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l208.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu08.data          161                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l208.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total              161                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::cpu08.data         149181                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total              149181                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu08.inst       390153                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l208.ReadCleanReq_hits::total           390153                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l208.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu08.data       670270                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l208.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          670270                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l208.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu08.data         3744                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l208.InvalidateReq_hits::total            3744                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::cpu08.dtb.walker        87274                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::cpu08.itb.walker        60090                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::cpu08.inst            390153                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::cpu08.data            819451                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                1356968                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::cpu08.dtb.walker        87274                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::cpu08.itb.walker        60090                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::cpu08.inst           390153                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::cpu08.data           819451                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total               1356968                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::cpu08.dtb.walker          938                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::cpu08.itb.walker          404                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total                1342                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu08.data        25392                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l208.UpgradeReq_misses::total            25392                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l208.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu08.data        11903                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l208.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          11903                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::cpu08.data        51772                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::total             51772                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu08.inst        27027                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l208.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          27027                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l208.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu08.data       110621                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l208.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        110621                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l208.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu08.data        15637                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l208.InvalidateReq_misses::total         15637                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::cpu08.dtb.walker          938                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::cpu08.itb.walker          404                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::cpu08.inst           27027                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::cpu08.data          162393                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total               190762                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::cpu08.dtb.walker          938                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::cpu08.itb.walker          404                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::cpu08.inst          27027                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::cpu08.data         162393                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total              190762                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::cpu08.dtb.walker        88212                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::cpu08.itb.walker        60494                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total            148706                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       768448                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       768448                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       416647                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.WritebackClean_accesses::total       416647                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu08.data        25580                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          25580                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu08.data        12064                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total        12064                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu08.data       200953                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total          200953                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu08.inst       417180                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       417180                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu08.data       780891                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       780891                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu08.data        19381                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.InvalidateReq_accesses::total        19381                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::cpu08.dtb.walker        88212                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::cpu08.itb.walker        60494                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::cpu08.inst        417180                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::cpu08.data        981844                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total            1547730                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::cpu08.dtb.walker        88212                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::cpu08.itb.walker        60494                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::cpu08.inst       417180                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::cpu08.data       981844                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total           1547730                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu08.dtb.walker     0.010633                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu08.itb.walker     0.006678                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.009025                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.992651                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l208.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.992651                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l208.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.986655                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l208.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.986655                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.257632                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.257632                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu08.inst     0.064785                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l208.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.064785                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l208.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.141660                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l208.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.141660                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l208.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.806821                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l208.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.806821                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::cpu08.dtb.walker     0.010633                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::cpu08.itb.walker     0.006678                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::cpu08.inst     0.064785                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.165396                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.123253                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::cpu08.dtb.walker     0.010633                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::cpu08.itb.walker     0.006678                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::cpu08.inst     0.064785                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.165396                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.123253                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks              72095                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                   72095                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.replacements                       138621                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l209.tags.tagsinuse               14450.401720                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.tags.total_refs                   3405919                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.tags.sampled_refs                  258210                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.tags.avg_refs                   13.190500                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.tags.warmup_cycle            6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   2438.404348                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.dtb.walker    98.233244                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.itb.walker    64.561875                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst   4279.577595                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.data   7569.624658                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.148828                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.dtb.walker     0.005996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.itb.walker     0.003941                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.261205                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.462013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.tags.occ_percent::total          0.881983                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          171                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l209.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        14517                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l209.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          171                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l209.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        14517                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l209.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.010437                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l209.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.886047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l209.tags.tag_accesses                 7123722                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l209.tags.data_accesses                7123722                       # Number of data accesses
system.l209.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::cpu09.dtb.walker       106087                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::cpu09.itb.walker       105463                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                211550                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       828827                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l209.WritebackDirty_hits::total         828827                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l209.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       461257                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l209.WritebackClean_hits::total         461257                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l209.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu09.data          1573                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l209.UpgradeReq_hits::total               1573                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l209.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu09.data          300                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l209.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total              300                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::cpu09.data         151426                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total              151426                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu09.inst       425453                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l209.ReadCleanReq_hits::total           425453                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l209.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu09.data       765741                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l209.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          765741                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l209.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu09.data         5643                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l209.InvalidateReq_hits::total            5643                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::cpu09.dtb.walker       106087                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::cpu09.itb.walker       105463                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::cpu09.inst            425453                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::cpu09.data            917167                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                1554170                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::cpu09.dtb.walker       106087                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::cpu09.itb.walker       105463                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::cpu09.inst           425453                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::cpu09.data           917167                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total               1554170                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::cpu09.dtb.walker         1806                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::cpu09.itb.walker          852                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total                2658                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu09.data        25884                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l209.UpgradeReq_misses::total            25884                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l209.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu09.data        14725                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l209.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          14725                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::cpu09.data        52969                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::total             52969                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu09.inst        36349                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l209.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          36349                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l209.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu09.data       139814                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l209.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        139814                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l209.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu09.data        25860                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l209.InvalidateReq_misses::total         25860                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::cpu09.dtb.walker         1806                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::cpu09.itb.walker          852                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::cpu09.inst           36349                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::cpu09.data          192783                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total               231790                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::cpu09.dtb.walker         1806                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::cpu09.itb.walker          852                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::cpu09.inst          36349                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::cpu09.data         192783                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total              231790                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::cpu09.dtb.walker       107893                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::cpu09.itb.walker       106315                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total            214208                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       828827                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       828827                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       461257                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.WritebackClean_accesses::total       461257                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu09.data        27457                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          27457                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu09.data        15025                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total        15025                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu09.data       204395                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total          204395                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu09.inst       461802                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       461802                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu09.data       905555                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       905555                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu09.data        31503                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.InvalidateReq_accesses::total        31503                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::cpu09.dtb.walker       107893                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::cpu09.itb.walker       106315                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::cpu09.inst        461802                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::cpu09.data       1109950                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total            1785960                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::cpu09.dtb.walker       107893                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::cpu09.itb.walker       106315                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::cpu09.inst       461802                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::cpu09.data      1109950                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total           1785960                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu09.dtb.walker     0.016739                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu09.itb.walker     0.008014                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.012409                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.942710                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l209.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.942710                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l209.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.980033                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l209.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.980033                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.259150                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.259150                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu09.inst     0.078711                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l209.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.078711                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l209.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.154396                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l209.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.154396                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l209.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.820874                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l209.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.820874                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::cpu09.dtb.walker     0.016739                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::cpu09.itb.walker     0.008014                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::cpu09.inst     0.078711                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.173686                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.129785                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::cpu09.dtb.walker     0.016739                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::cpu09.itb.walker     0.008014                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::cpu09.inst     0.078711                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.173686                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.129785                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks              75610                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                   75610                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.replacements                       169258                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l210.tags.tagsinuse               13172.722172                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.tags.total_refs                   2388451                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.tags.sampled_refs                  185946                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.tags.avg_refs                   12.844864                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.tags.warmup_cycle            8108391484574500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   1493.372755                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.tags.occ_blocks::cpu10.dtb.walker    73.030992                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.tags.occ_blocks::cpu10.itb.walker    75.939468                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.tags.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst   4159.047003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.tags.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   7371.331954                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.091148                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.tags.occ_percent::cpu10.dtb.walker     0.004457                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.tags.occ_percent::cpu10.itb.walker     0.004635                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.tags.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.253848                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.tags.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.449910                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.tags.occ_percent::total          0.803999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          159                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l210.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        13491                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l210.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          159                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l210.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        13491                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l210.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.009705                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l210.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.823425                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l210.tags.tag_accesses                 4977724                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l210.tags.data_accesses                4977724                       # Number of data accesses
system.l210.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::cpu10.dtb.walker        77670                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::cpu10.itb.walker        43847                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                121517                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       584340                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l210.WritebackDirty_hits::total         584340                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l210.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       279203                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l210.WritebackClean_hits::total         279203                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l210.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu10.data           957                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l210.UpgradeReq_hits::total                957                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l210.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu10.data          143                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l210.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total              143                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::cpu10.data         106593                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total              106593                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu10.inst       259734                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l210.ReadCleanReq_hits::total           259734                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l210.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu10.data       579115                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l210.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          579115                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l210.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu10.data         2364                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l210.InvalidateReq_hits::total            2364                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::cpu10.dtb.walker        77670                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::cpu10.itb.walker        43847                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::cpu10.inst            259734                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::cpu10.data            685708                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                1066959                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::cpu10.dtb.walker        77670                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::cpu10.itb.walker        43847                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::cpu10.inst           259734                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::cpu10.data           685708                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total               1066959                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::cpu10.dtb.walker         1353                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::cpu10.itb.walker          322                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total                1675                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu10.data        16738                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l210.UpgradeReq_misses::total            16738                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l210.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu10.data         8913                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l210.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           8913                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_misses::cpu10.data        52775                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_misses::total             52775                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l210.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu10.inst        20005                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l210.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          20005                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l210.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu10.data       105023                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l210.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        105023                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l210.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu10.data         6781                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l210.InvalidateReq_misses::total          6781                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::cpu10.dtb.walker         1353                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::cpu10.itb.walker          322                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::cpu10.inst           20005                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::cpu10.data          157798                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total               179478                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::cpu10.dtb.walker         1353                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::cpu10.itb.walker          322                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::cpu10.inst          20005                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::cpu10.data         157798                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total              179478                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::cpu10.dtb.walker        79023                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::cpu10.itb.walker        44169                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total            123192                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       584340                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       584340                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       279203                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.WritebackClean_accesses::total       279203                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu10.data        17695                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          17695                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu10.data         9056                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         9056                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu10.data       159368                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total          159368                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu10.inst       279739                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       279739                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu10.data       684138                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       684138                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu10.data         9145                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.InvalidateReq_accesses::total         9145                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::cpu10.dtb.walker        79023                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::cpu10.itb.walker        44169                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::cpu10.inst        279739                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::cpu10.data        843506                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total            1246437                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::cpu10.dtb.walker        79023                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::cpu10.itb.walker        44169                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::cpu10.inst       279739                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::cpu10.data       843506                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total           1246437                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu10.dtb.walker     0.017122                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu10.itb.walker     0.007290                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.013597                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.945917                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l210.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.945917                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l210.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.984209                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l210.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.984209                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.331152                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.331152                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu10.inst     0.071513                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l210.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.071513                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l210.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.153511                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l210.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.153511                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l210.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.741498                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l210.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.741498                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::cpu10.dtb.walker     0.017122                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::cpu10.itb.walker     0.007290                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::cpu10.inst     0.071513                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.187074                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.143993                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::cpu10.dtb.walker     0.017122                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::cpu10.itb.walker     0.007290                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::cpu10.inst     0.071513                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.187074                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.143993                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks              67006                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                   67006                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.replacements                       129360                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l211.tags.tagsinuse               14105.695820                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.tags.total_refs                   3746905                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.tags.sampled_refs                  347290                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.tags.avg_refs                   10.788980                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.tags.warmup_cycle            7291626883468000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   2613.645651                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.dtb.walker   133.122756                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.itb.walker    86.870448                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   4178.763975                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   7093.292990                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.159524                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.dtb.walker     0.008125                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.itb.walker     0.005302                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.255052                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.432940                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.tags.occ_percent::total          0.860943                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          235                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l211.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        14112                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l211.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          235                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l211.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        14112                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l211.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.014343                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l211.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.861328                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l211.tags.tag_accesses                 7905012                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l211.tags.data_accesses                7905012                       # Number of data accesses
system.l211.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::cpu11.dtb.walker       146238                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::cpu11.itb.walker        99965                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                246203                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       904050                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l211.WritebackDirty_hits::total         904050                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l211.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       458251                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l211.WritebackClean_hits::total         458251                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l211.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu11.data          1140                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l211.UpgradeReq_hits::total               1140                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l211.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu11.data          209                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l211.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total              209                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::cpu11.data         201111                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::total              201111                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu11.inst       422774                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l211.ReadCleanReq_hits::total           422774                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l211.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu11.data       791819                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l211.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          791819                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l211.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu11.data         3942                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l211.InvalidateReq_hits::total            3942                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l211.demand_hits::cpu11.dtb.walker       146238                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::cpu11.itb.walker        99965                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::cpu11.inst            422774                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::cpu11.data            992930                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                1661907                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::cpu11.dtb.walker       146238                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::cpu11.itb.walker        99965                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::cpu11.inst           422774                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::cpu11.data           992930                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total               1661907                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::cpu11.dtb.walker         2495                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::cpu11.itb.walker         1294                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total                3789                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu11.data        36883                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l211.UpgradeReq_misses::total            36883                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l211.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu11.data        19266                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l211.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          19266                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::cpu11.data        66702                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::total             66702                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu11.inst        36010                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l211.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          36010                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l211.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu11.data       215869                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l211.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        215869                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l211.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu11.data        24149                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l211.InvalidateReq_misses::total         24149                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::cpu11.dtb.walker         2495                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::cpu11.itb.walker         1294                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::cpu11.inst           36010                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::cpu11.data          282571                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total               322370                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::cpu11.dtb.walker         2495                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::cpu11.itb.walker         1294                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::cpu11.inst          36010                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::cpu11.data         282571                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total              322370                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::cpu11.dtb.walker       148733                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::cpu11.itb.walker       101259                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total            249992                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       904050                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       904050                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       458251                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.WritebackClean_accesses::total       458251                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu11.data        38023                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          38023                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu11.data        19475                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total        19475                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu11.data       267813                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total          267813                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu11.inst       458784                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       458784                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu11.data      1007688                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      1007688                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu11.data        28091                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.InvalidateReq_accesses::total        28091                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::cpu11.dtb.walker       148733                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::cpu11.itb.walker       101259                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::cpu11.inst        458784                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::cpu11.data       1275501                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total            1984277                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::cpu11.dtb.walker       148733                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::cpu11.itb.walker       101259                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::cpu11.inst       458784                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::cpu11.data      1275501                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total           1984277                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu11.dtb.walker     0.016775                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu11.itb.walker     0.012779                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.015156                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.970018                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l211.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.970018                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l211.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.989268                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l211.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.989268                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.249062                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.249062                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu11.inst     0.078490                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l211.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.078490                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l211.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.214222                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l211.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.214222                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l211.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.859670                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l211.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.859670                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::cpu11.dtb.walker     0.016775                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::cpu11.itb.walker     0.012779                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::cpu11.inst     0.078490                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.221537                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.162462                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::cpu11.dtb.walker     0.016775                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::cpu11.itb.walker     0.012779                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::cpu11.inst     0.078490                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.221537                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.162462                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks              95218                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                   95218                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.replacements                       227722                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l212.tags.tagsinuse               13322.068094                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.tags.total_refs                   3137215                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.tags.sampled_refs                  212827                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.tags.avg_refs                   14.740681                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.tags.warmup_cycle            7291627460480500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   1501.037590                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.dtb.walker    65.412891                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.itb.walker    86.640801                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst   4752.145312                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.data   6916.831500                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.091616                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.dtb.walker     0.003992                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.itb.walker     0.005288                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.290048                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.422170                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.tags.occ_percent::total          0.813115                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          159                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l212.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        13335                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l212.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          159                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l212.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        13335                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l212.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.009705                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l212.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.813904                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l212.tags.tag_accesses                 6523799                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l212.tags.data_accesses                6523799                       # Number of data accesses
system.l212.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::cpu12.dtb.walker       113126                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::cpu12.itb.walker        69750                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                182876                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       747902                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l212.WritebackDirty_hits::total         747902                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l212.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       467978                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l212.WritebackClean_hits::total         467978                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l212.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu12.data           180                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l212.UpgradeReq_hits::total                180                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l212.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu12.data           89                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l212.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total               89                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::cpu12.data         135986                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total              135986                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu12.inst       441426                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l212.ReadCleanReq_hits::total           441426                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l212.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu12.data       691978                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l212.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          691978                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l212.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu12.data         1890                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l212.InvalidateReq_hits::total            1890                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::cpu12.dtb.walker       113126                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::cpu12.itb.walker        69750                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::cpu12.inst            441426                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::cpu12.data            827964                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                1452266                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::cpu12.dtb.walker       113126                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::cpu12.itb.walker        69750                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::cpu12.inst           441426                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::cpu12.data           827964                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total               1452266                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::cpu12.dtb.walker         2016                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::cpu12.itb.walker          517                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total                2533                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu12.data        25048                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l212.UpgradeReq_misses::total            25048                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l212.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu12.data        12413                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l212.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          12413                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::cpu12.data        52972                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::total             52972                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu12.inst        27092                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l212.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          27092                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l212.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu12.data       113358                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l212.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        113358                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l212.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu12.data        17462                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l212.InvalidateReq_misses::total         17462                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::cpu12.dtb.walker         2016                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::cpu12.itb.walker          517                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::cpu12.inst           27092                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::cpu12.data          166330                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total               195955                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::cpu12.dtb.walker         2016                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::cpu12.itb.walker          517                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::cpu12.inst          27092                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::cpu12.data         166330                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total              195955                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::cpu12.dtb.walker       115142                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::cpu12.itb.walker        70267                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total            185409                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       747902                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       747902                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       467978                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.WritebackClean_accesses::total       467978                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu12.data        25228                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          25228                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu12.data        12502                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total        12502                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu12.data       188958                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total          188958                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu12.inst       468518                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       468518                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu12.data       805336                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       805336                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu12.data        19352                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.InvalidateReq_accesses::total        19352                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::cpu12.dtb.walker       115142                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::cpu12.itb.walker        70267                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::cpu12.inst        468518                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::cpu12.data        994294                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total            1648221                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::cpu12.dtb.walker       115142                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::cpu12.itb.walker        70267                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::cpu12.inst       468518                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::cpu12.data       994294                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total           1648221                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu12.dtb.walker     0.017509                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu12.itb.walker     0.007358                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.013662                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.992865                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l212.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.992865                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l212.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.992881                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l212.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.992881                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.280337                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.280337                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu12.inst     0.057825                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l212.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.057825                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l212.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.140759                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l212.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.140759                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l212.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.902336                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l212.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.902336                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::cpu12.dtb.walker     0.017509                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::cpu12.itb.walker     0.007358                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::cpu12.inst     0.057825                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.167285                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.118889                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::cpu12.dtb.walker     0.017509                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::cpu12.itb.walker     0.007358                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::cpu12.inst     0.057825                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.167285                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.118889                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks              68780                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                   68780                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.replacements                       137512                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l213.tags.tagsinuse                8271.095166                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.tags.total_refs                  26507319                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.tags.sampled_refs                  747354                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.tags.avg_refs                   35.468224                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.tags.warmup_cycle            6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    824.303562                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.dtb.walker   102.510678                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.itb.walker   112.803485                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst   4194.307938                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.data   3037.169504                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.050311                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.dtb.walker     0.006257                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.itb.walker     0.006885                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.256000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.185374                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.tags.occ_percent::total          0.504828                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          221                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l213.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         7585                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l213.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          221                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l213.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         7585                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l213.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.013489                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l213.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.462952                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l213.tags.tag_accesses                53837452                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l213.tags.data_accesses               53837452                       # Number of data accesses
system.l213.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::cpu13.dtb.walker      1300491                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::cpu13.itb.walker      2366576                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total               3667067                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      1930176                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l213.WritebackDirty_hits::total        1930176                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l213.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks      7629550                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l213.WritebackClean_hits::total        7629550                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l213.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu13.data           159                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l213.UpgradeReq_hits::total                159                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l213.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu13.data           13                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l213.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total               13                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::cpu13.data         491259                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total              491259                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu13.inst      7515685                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l213.ReadCleanReq_hits::total          7515685                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l213.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu13.data      2708676                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l213.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         2708676                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l213.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu13.data       118880                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l213.InvalidateReq_hits::total          118880                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::cpu13.dtb.walker      1300491                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::cpu13.itb.walker      2366576                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::cpu13.inst           7515685                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::cpu13.data           3199935                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total               14382687                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::cpu13.dtb.walker      1300491                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::cpu13.itb.walker      2366576                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::cpu13.inst          7515685                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::cpu13.data          3199935                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total              14382687                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::cpu13.dtb.walker         4105                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::cpu13.itb.walker          981                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total                5086                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu13.data       101139                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l213.UpgradeReq_misses::total           101139                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l213.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu13.data        81866                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l213.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          81866                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::cpu13.data        77933                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::total             77933                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu13.inst       114391                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l213.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         114391                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l213.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu13.data       360671                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l213.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        360671                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l213.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu13.data        24694                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l213.InvalidateReq_misses::total         24694                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::cpu13.dtb.walker         4105                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::cpu13.itb.walker          981                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::cpu13.inst          114391                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::cpu13.data          438604                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total               558081                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::cpu13.dtb.walker         4105                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::cpu13.itb.walker          981                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::cpu13.inst         114391                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::cpu13.data         438604                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total              558081                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::cpu13.dtb.walker      1304596                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::cpu13.itb.walker      2367557                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total           3672153                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      1930176                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      1930176                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks      7629550                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.WritebackClean_accesses::total      7629550                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu13.data       101298                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         101298                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu13.data        81879                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total        81879                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu13.data       569192                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total          569192                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu13.inst      7630076                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total      7630076                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu13.data      3069347                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      3069347                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu13.data       143574                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.InvalidateReq_accesses::total       143574                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::cpu13.dtb.walker      1304596                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::cpu13.itb.walker      2367557                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::cpu13.inst       7630076                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::cpu13.data       3638539                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total           14940768                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::cpu13.dtb.walker      1304596                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::cpu13.itb.walker      2367557                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::cpu13.inst      7630076                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::cpu13.data      3638539                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total          14940768                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu13.dtb.walker     0.003147                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu13.itb.walker     0.000414                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.001385                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.998430                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l213.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.998430                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l213.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.999841                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l213.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.999841                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.136919                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.136919                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu13.inst     0.014992                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l213.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.014992                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l213.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.117507                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l213.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.117507                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l213.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.171995                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l213.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.171995                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::cpu13.dtb.walker     0.003147                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::cpu13.itb.walker     0.000414                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::cpu13.inst     0.014992                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.120544                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.037353                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::cpu13.dtb.walker     0.003147                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::cpu13.itb.walker     0.000414                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::cpu13.inst     0.014992                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.120544                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.037353                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks              93130                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                   93130                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.replacements                       342223                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l214.tags.tagsinuse                8689.042104                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.tags.total_refs                 302793679                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.tags.sampled_refs                 7156330                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.tags.avg_refs                   42.311307                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.tags.warmup_cycle            6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   1991.976518                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.dtb.walker    48.673875                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.itb.walker    72.415453                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst   3494.519474                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.data   3081.456785                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.121581                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.dtb.walker     0.002971                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.itb.walker     0.004420                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.213289                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.188077                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.tags.occ_percent::total          0.530337                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          133                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l214.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         8172                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l214.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l214.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::1           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l214.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l214.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          112                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l214.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l214.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          222                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l214.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          882                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l214.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         7059                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l214.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.008118                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l214.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.498779                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l214.tags.tag_accesses               613611316                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l214.tags.data_accesses              613611316                       # Number of data accesses
system.l214.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::cpu14.dtb.walker      5055066                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::cpu14.itb.walker     31343395                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total              36398461                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks     15767849                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l214.WritebackDirty_hits::total       15767849                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l214.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks    103532974                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l214.WritebackClean_hits::total      103532974                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l214.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu14.data           132                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l214.UpgradeReq_hits::total                132                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l214.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu14.data            7                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l214.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total                7                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::cpu14.data        4691038                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total             4691038                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu14.inst    101342269                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l214.ReadCleanReq_hits::total        101342269                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l214.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu14.data     21020988                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l214.ReadSharedReq_hits::total        21020988                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l214.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu14.data      1221495                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l214.InvalidateReq_hits::total         1221495                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::cpu14.dtb.walker      5055066                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::cpu14.itb.walker     31343395                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::cpu14.inst         101342269                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::cpu14.data          25712026                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total              163452756                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::cpu14.dtb.walker      5055066                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::cpu14.itb.walker     31343395                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::cpu14.inst        101342269                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::cpu14.data         25712026                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total             163452756                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::cpu14.dtb.walker       155893                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::cpu14.itb.walker       108494                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total              264387                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu14.data       291680                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l214.UpgradeReq_misses::total           291680                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l214.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu14.data       200235                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l214.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         200235                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::cpu14.data       431308                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::total            431308                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu14.inst      2191262                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l214.ReadCleanReq_misses::total        2191262                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l214.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu14.data      2050840                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l214.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       2050840                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l214.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu14.data       302392                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l214.InvalidateReq_misses::total        302392                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::cpu14.dtb.walker       155893                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::cpu14.itb.walker       108494                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::cpu14.inst         2191262                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::cpu14.data         2482148                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total              4937797                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::cpu14.dtb.walker       155893                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::cpu14.itb.walker       108494                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::cpu14.inst        2191262                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::cpu14.data        2482148                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total             4937797                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::cpu14.dtb.walker      5210959                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::cpu14.itb.walker     31451889                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total          36662848                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks     15767849                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.WritebackDirty_accesses::total     15767849                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks    103532974                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.WritebackClean_accesses::total    103532974                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu14.data       291812                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         291812                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu14.data       200242                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total       200242                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu14.data      5122346                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total         5122346                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu14.inst    103533531                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total    103533531                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu14.data     23071828                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total     23071828                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu14.data      1523887                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.InvalidateReq_accesses::total      1523887                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::cpu14.dtb.walker      5210959                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::cpu14.itb.walker     31451889                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::cpu14.inst     103533531                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::cpu14.data      28194174                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total          168390553                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::cpu14.dtb.walker      5210959                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::cpu14.itb.walker     31451889                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::cpu14.inst    103533531                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::cpu14.data     28194174                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total         168390553                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu14.dtb.walker     0.029916                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu14.itb.walker     0.003450                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.007211                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.999548                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l214.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.999548                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l214.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.999965                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l214.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.999965                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.084201                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.084201                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu14.inst     0.021165                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l214.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.021165                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l214.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.088889                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l214.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.088889                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l214.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.198435                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l214.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.198435                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::cpu14.dtb.walker     0.029916                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::cpu14.itb.walker     0.003450                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::cpu14.inst     0.021165                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.088038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.029323                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::cpu14.dtb.walker     0.029916                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::cpu14.itb.walker     0.003450                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::cpu14.inst     0.021165                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.088038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.029323                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks            1068587                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                 1068587                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.replacements                      5213350                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l215.tags.tagsinuse               12234.225982                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.tags.total_refs                  38248743                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.tags.sampled_refs                 1093247                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.tags.avg_refs                   34.986369                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.tags.warmup_cycle            6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   1457.331479                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.dtb.walker   139.578066                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.itb.walker   120.319575                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst   4997.282736                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.data   5519.714126                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.088948                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.dtb.walker     0.008519                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.itb.walker     0.007344                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.305010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.336897                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.tags.occ_percent::total          0.746718                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          263                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l215.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        11747                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l215.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          263                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l215.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        11747                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l215.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.016052                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l215.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.716980                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l215.tags.tag_accesses                77719959                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l215.tags.data_accesses               77719959                       # Number of data accesses
system.l215.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::cpu15.dtb.walker      1973132                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::cpu15.itb.walker      3562595                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total               5535727                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      2407772                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l215.WritebackDirty_hits::total        2407772                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l215.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks     11273856                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l215.WritebackClean_hits::total       11273856                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l215.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu15.data           561                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l215.UpgradeReq_hits::total                561                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l215.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu15.data          116                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l215.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total              116                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::cpu15.data         646928                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total              646928                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu15.inst     11084767                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l215.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         11084767                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l215.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu15.data      3613865                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l215.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         3613865                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l215.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu15.data       191230                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l215.InvalidateReq_hits::total          191230                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::cpu15.dtb.walker      1973132                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::cpu15.itb.walker      3562595                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::cpu15.inst          11084767                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::cpu15.data           4260793                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total               20881287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::cpu15.dtb.walker      1973132                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::cpu15.itb.walker      3562595                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::cpu15.inst         11084767                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::cpu15.data          4260793                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total              20881287                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::cpu15.dtb.walker         6330                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::cpu15.itb.walker         1275                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total                7605                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu15.data       129982                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l215.UpgradeReq_misses::total           129982                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l215.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu15.data       113162                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l215.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         113162                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::cpu15.data        89644                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::total             89644                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu15.inst       189625                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l215.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         189625                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l215.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu15.data       513574                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l215.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        513574                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l215.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu15.data        25899                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l215.InvalidateReq_misses::total         25899                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::cpu15.dtb.walker         6330                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::cpu15.itb.walker         1275                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::cpu15.inst          189625                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::cpu15.data          603218                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total               800448                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::cpu15.dtb.walker         6330                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::cpu15.itb.walker         1275                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::cpu15.inst         189625                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::cpu15.data         603218                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total              800448                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::cpu15.dtb.walker      1979462                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::cpu15.itb.walker      3563870                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total           5543332                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      2407772                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      2407772                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks     11273856                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.WritebackClean_accesses::total     11273856                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu15.data       130543                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         130543                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu15.data       113278                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total       113278                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu15.data       736572                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total          736572                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu15.inst     11274392                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total     11274392                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu15.data      4127439                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      4127439                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu15.data       217129                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.InvalidateReq_accesses::total       217129                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::cpu15.dtb.walker      1979462                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::cpu15.itb.walker      3563870                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::cpu15.inst      11274392                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::cpu15.data       4864011                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total           21681735                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::cpu15.dtb.walker      1979462                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::cpu15.itb.walker      3563870                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::cpu15.inst     11274392                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::cpu15.data      4864011                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total          21681735                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu15.dtb.walker     0.003198                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu15.itb.walker     0.000358                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.001372                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.995703                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l215.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.995703                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l215.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.998976                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l215.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.998976                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.121704                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.121704                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu15.inst     0.016819                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l215.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.016819                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l215.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.124429                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l215.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.124429                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l215.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.119279                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l215.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.119279                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::cpu15.dtb.walker     0.003198                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::cpu15.itb.walker     0.000358                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::cpu15.inst     0.016819                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.124017                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.036918                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::cpu15.dtb.walker     0.003198                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::cpu15.itb.walker     0.000358                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::cpu15.inst     0.016819                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.124017                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.036918                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks             119527                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                  119527                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.replacements                       535538                       # number of replacements
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      31098704                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     11664386                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests      9772530                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              141151                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp           12583804                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq             102087                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp            102087                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      4305531                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          8627658                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          1301584                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         788413                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         2089997                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           2189976                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          2189976                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      12442653                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq       1442889                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp      1442889                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1608953                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total      1608953                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l200.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        21004                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l200.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        19416                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l200.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     13643073                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l200.mem_side::total     13683493                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l201.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         3148                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l201.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        21542                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l201.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1129741                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l201.mem_side::total      1154431                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l202.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         4090                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l202.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio       102542                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l202.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      4620143                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l202.mem_side::total      4726775                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l203.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          500                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l203.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        10288                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l203.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       838998                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l203.mem_side::total       849786                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l204.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          216                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l204.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         8516                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l204.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       673832                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l204.mem_side::total       682564                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l205.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           88                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l205.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         9702                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l205.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       882441                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l205.mem_side::total       892231                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l206.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          988                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l206.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         9124                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l206.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1007642                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l206.mem_side::total      1017754                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l207.mem_side::system.bridge.slave            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l207.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        13092                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l207.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       961748                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l207.mem_side::total       974848                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l208.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         1404                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l208.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         7208                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l208.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       617141                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l208.mem_side::total       625753                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l209.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           80                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l209.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         7364                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l209.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       760277                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l209.mem_side::total       767721                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l210.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         5116                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l210.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       548520                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l210.mem_side::total       553636                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l211.mem_side::system.bridge.slave            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l211.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        12092                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l211.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1022888                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l211.mem_side::total      1034984                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l212.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         2628                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l212.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         8430                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l212.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       632965                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l212.mem_side::total       644023                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l213.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l213.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        52630                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l213.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1816305                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l213.mem_side::total      1868945                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l214.mem_side::system.bridge.slave            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l214.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        96916                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l214.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     15916380                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l214.mem_side::total     16013298                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l215.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          330                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l215.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        67998                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l215.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      2583172                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l215.mem_side::total      2651500                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               49750695                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     34323648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total     34323648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l200.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        13051                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l200.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        38832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l200.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    360019008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l200.mem_side::total    360070891                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l201.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         2848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l201.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        43084                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l201.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     27865152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l201.mem_side::total     27911084                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l202.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         3970                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l202.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio       205084                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l202.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    104046272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l202.mem_side::total    104255326                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l203.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          305                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l203.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        20576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l203.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     21609472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l203.mem_side::total     21630353                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l204.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          126                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l204.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        17032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l204.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     17823616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l204.mem_side::total     17840774                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l205.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           58                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l205.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        19404                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l205.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     23141504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l205.mem_side::total     23160966                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l206.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          958                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l206.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        18248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l206.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     24799872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l206.mem_side::total     24819078                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l207.mem_side::system.bridge.slave            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l207.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        26184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l207.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     24663360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l207.mem_side::total     24689552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l208.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          819                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l208.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        14416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l208.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     16285568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l208.mem_side::total     16300803                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l209.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           50                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l209.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        14728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l209.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     18997696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l209.mem_side::total     19012474                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l210.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        10232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l210.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     15306624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l210.mem_side::total     15316856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l211.mem_side::system.bridge.slave            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l211.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        24184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l211.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     25878912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l211.mem_side::total     25903100                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l212.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         1533                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l212.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        16860                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l212.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     16389504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l212.mem_side::total     16407897                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l213.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           10                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l213.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio       105260                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l213.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     41002816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l213.mem_side::total     41108086                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l214.mem_side::system.bridge.slave            2                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l214.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio       193832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l214.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    381884416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l214.mem_side::total    382078250                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l215.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          195                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l215.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio       135996                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l215.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     58004800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l215.mem_side::total     58140991                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total              1212970129                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples          18408753                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean             2.077423                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev            4.014581                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                 9938942     53.99%     53.99% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                 4024630     21.86%     75.85% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                  696153      3.78%     79.63% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::3                  669597      3.64%     83.27% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::4                  438935      2.38%     85.66% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::5                  309230      1.68%     87.34% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::6                  231034      1.26%     88.59% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::7                  137466      0.75%     89.34% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::8                  134375      0.73%     90.07% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::9                  117662      0.64%     90.71% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::10                 154108      0.84%     91.54% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::11                 188996      1.03%     92.57% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::12                 143395      0.78%     93.35% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::13                 229242      1.25%     94.60% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::14                 213025      1.16%     95.75% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::15                 781963      4.25%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::16                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::17                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value              15                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total            18408753                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.directResponses                       0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.membus.badaddr_responder.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.pci_host.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pci_ide.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.clock24MHz.voltage_domain.voltage     3.300000                       # Voltage in Volts
system.realview.clock24MHz.clock                41667                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.realview_io.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.dcc.osc_cpu.clock               16667                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.dcc.osc_ddr.clock               25000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.dcc.osc_hsbm.clock              25000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.dcc.osc_pxl.clock               42105                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.dcc.osc_smb.clock               20000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.dcc.osc_sys.clock               16667                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.energy_ctrl.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.ethernet.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAReads               0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAWrites              0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.postedSwi                  0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedSwi             nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalSwi                   0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxIdle               0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle          nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxIdle                0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOk                 0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOk            nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOk                  0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxDesc               0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc          nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxDesc                0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxOk                 0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxOk            nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxOk                  0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxIdle               0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle          nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxIdle                0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxDesc               0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc          nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxDesc                0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOrn                0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn           nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOrn                 0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTotal           nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.droppedPackets             0                       # number of packets dropped
system.realview.gic.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.generic_timer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.gicv2m.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.hdlcd.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.kmi0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.kmi1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.mcc.osc_clcd.clock              42105                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.mcc.osc_mcc.clock               20000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.mcc.osc_peripheral.clock        41667                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.mcc.osc_system_bus.clock        41667                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.rtc.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.uart0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.vgic.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.vio0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.vio1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.viopci.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus00.snoop_filter.tot_requests     18029953                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus00.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      9038268                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus00.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         3450                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus00.snoop_filter.tot_snoops       578638                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus00.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       578438                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus00.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops          200                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus00.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::ReadReq          7763129                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::ReadResp        15313605                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::WriteReq            8810                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::WriteResp           8810                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      2748784                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::WritebackClean      1836811                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::WriteClean            74                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::CleanEvict       4329214                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         58200                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        21885                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        80085                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::ReadExReq        1246671                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::ReadExResp       1246671                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq      1837323                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      5713153                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::CleanSharedReq         2752                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::CleanSharedResp         2752                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::InvalidateReq       191864                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::InvalidateResp       191864                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.pkt_count_system.cpu00.icache.mem_side::system.l200.cpu_side      5511457                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus00.pkt_count_system.cpu00.dcache.mem_side::system.l200.cpu_side     21587542                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus00.pkt_count_system.cpu00.itb.walker.dma::system.l200.cpu_side       619310                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus00.pkt_count_system.cpu00.dtb.walker.dma::system.l200.cpu_side     14884148                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus00.pkt_count::total            42602457                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus00.pkt_size_system.cpu00.icache.mem_side::system.l200.cpu_side    235144576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus00.pkt_size_system.cpu00.dcache.mem_side::system.l200.cpu_side    621407531                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus00.pkt_size_system.cpu00.itb.walker.dma::system.l200.cpu_side      2477240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus00.pkt_size_system.cpu00.dtb.walker.dma::system.l200.cpu_side     59536592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus00.pkt_size::total            918565939                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus00.snoops                       6759305                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus00.snoopTraffic                81459520                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus00.snoop_fanout::samples       23478881                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus00.snoop_fanout::mean          0.026645                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus00.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.161095                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus00.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus00.snoop_fanout::0             22853497     97.34%     97.34% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus00.snoop_fanout::1               625184      2.66%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus00.snoop_fanout::2                  200      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus00.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus00.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus00.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus00.snoop_fanout::total         23478881                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus00.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus01.snoop_filter.tot_requests      8955010                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus01.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      4485644                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus01.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          348                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus01.snoop_filter.tot_snoops       483236                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus01.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       483113                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus01.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops          123                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus01.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::ReadReq          1330974                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::ReadResp         5399003                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::WriteReq            4700                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::WriteResp           4700                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1127755                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::WritebackClean      2624694                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::CleanEvict        640490                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         51086                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        31983                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        83069                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::ReadExReq         325675                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::ReadExResp        325675                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq      2625206                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      1442823                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::CleanSharedReq         5632                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::CleanSharedResp         5632                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        70052                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        70052                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.pkt_count_system.cpu01.icache.mem_side::system.l201.cpu_side      7875106                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus01.pkt_count_system.cpu01.dcache.mem_side::system.l201.cpu_side      5647437                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus01.pkt_count_system.cpu01.itb.walker.dma::system.l201.cpu_side      1614388                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus01.pkt_count_system.cpu01.dtb.walker.dma::system.l201.cpu_side      1032270                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus01.pkt_count::total            16169201                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus01.pkt_size_system.cpu01.icache.mem_side::system.l201.cpu_side    335993600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus01.pkt_size_system.cpu01.dcache.mem_side::system.l201.cpu_side    185406124                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus01.pkt_size_system.cpu01.itb.walker.dma::system.l201.cpu_side      6457552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus01.pkt_size_system.cpu01.dtb.walker.dma::system.l201.cpu_side      4129080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus01.pkt_size::total            531986356                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus01.snoops                       2889807                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus01.snoopTraffic                 5942912                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus01.snoop_fanout::samples        8666662                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus01.snoop_fanout::mean          0.056922                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus01.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.231754                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus01.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus01.snoop_fanout::0              8173464     94.31%     94.31% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus01.snoop_fanout::1               493075      5.69%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus01.snoop_fanout::2                  123      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus01.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus01.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus01.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus01.snoop_fanout::total          8666662                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus01.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus02.snoop_filter.tot_requests     53351503                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus02.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     26753009                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus02.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          771                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus02.snoop_filter.tot_snoops      1011338                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus02.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops      1011294                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus02.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           44                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus02.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::ReadReq          9298977                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::ReadResp        34343190                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::WriteReq           18736                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::WriteResp          18736                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      3848091                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::WritebackClean     18483684                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::CleanEvict       4002420                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::UpgradeReq        185566                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq       187375                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::UpgradeResp       372941                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::ReadExReq        1082488                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::ReadExResp       1082488                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq     18484196                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      6560017                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::CleanSharedReq         5568                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::CleanSharedResp         5568                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::InvalidateReq       466418                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::InvalidateResp       466418                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.pkt_count_system.cpu02.icache.mem_side::system.l202.cpu_side     55452076                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus02.pkt_count_system.cpu02.dcache.mem_side::system.l202.cpu_side     24932007                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus02.pkt_count_system.cpu02.itb.walker.dma::system.l202.cpu_side     11786002                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus02.pkt_count_system.cpu02.dtb.walker.dma::system.l202.cpu_side      6742792                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus02.pkt_count::total            98912877                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus02.pkt_size_system.cpu02.icache.mem_side::system.l202.cpu_side   2365944320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus02.pkt_size_system.cpu02.dcache.mem_side::system.l202.cpu_side    735607198                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus02.pkt_size_system.cpu02.itb.walker.dma::system.l202.cpu_side     47144008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus02.pkt_size_system.cpu02.dtb.walker.dma::system.l202.cpu_side     26971168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus02.pkt_size::total           3175666694                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus02.snoops                       4726283                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus02.snoopTraffic                19377088                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus02.snoop_fanout::samples       40598815                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus02.snoop_fanout::mean          0.026056                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus02.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.159308                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus02.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus02.snoop_fanout::0             39541026     97.39%     97.39% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus02.snoop_fanout::1              1057745      2.61%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus02.snoop_fanout::2                   44      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus02.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus02.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus02.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus02.snoop_fanout::total         40598815                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus02.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus03.snoop_filter.tot_requests      3154406                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus03.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      1587828                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus03.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          327                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus03.snoop_filter.tot_snoops       422463                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus03.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       422352                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus03.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops          111                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus03.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::ReadReq           209710                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::ReadResp         1537339                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::WriteReq            3061                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::WriteResp           3061                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       821733                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::WritebackClean       437533                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::CleanEvict        264377                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         31647                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        17524                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        49171                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::ReadExReq         212573                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::ReadExResp        212573                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       438045                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       889584                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::CleanSharedReq          704                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::CleanSharedResp          704                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        25675                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        25675                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.pkt_count_system.cpu03.icache.mem_side::system.l203.cpu_side      1313623                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus03.pkt_count_system.cpu03.dcache.mem_side::system.l203.cpu_side      3452312                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus03.pkt_count_system.cpu03.itb.walker.dma::system.l203.cpu_side       153526                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus03.pkt_count_system.cpu03.dtb.walker.dma::system.l203.cpu_side       261228                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus03.pkt_count::total             5180689                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus03.pkt_size_system.cpu03.icache.mem_side::system.l203.cpu_side     56036992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus03.pkt_size_system.cpu03.dcache.mem_side::system.l203.cpu_side    123149841                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus03.pkt_size_system.cpu03.itb.walker.dma::system.l203.cpu_side       614104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus03.pkt_size_system.cpu03.dtb.walker.dma::system.l203.cpu_side      1044912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus03.pkt_size::total            180845849                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus03.snoops                       2505422                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus03.snoopTraffic                 5396032                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus03.snoop_fanout::samples        4269535                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus03.snoop_fanout::mean          0.102567                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus03.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.303478                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus03.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus03.snoop_fanout::0              3831734     89.75%     89.75% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus03.snoop_fanout::1               437690     10.25%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus03.snoop_fanout::2                  111      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus03.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus03.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus03.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus03.snoop_fanout::total          4269535                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus03.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus04.snoop_filter.tot_requests      3126080                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus04.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      1565931                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus04.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          244                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus04.snoop_filter.tot_snoops       429643                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus04.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       429453                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus04.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops          190                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus04.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::ReadReq           256826                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::ReadResp         1588583                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::WriteReq            1804                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::WriteResp           1804                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       745634                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::WritebackClean       506079                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::CleanEvict        269300                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         27465                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        12294                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        39759                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::ReadExReq         206196                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::ReadExResp        206196                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       506591                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       825166                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::CleanSharedReq         1984                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::CleanSharedResp         1984                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        20218                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        20218                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.pkt_count_system.cpu04.icache.mem_side::system.l204.cpu_side      1519261                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus04.pkt_count_system.cpu04.dcache.mem_side::system.l204.cpu_side      3210312                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus04.pkt_count_system.cpu04.itb.walker.dma::system.l204.cpu_side       252342                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus04.pkt_count_system.cpu04.dtb.walker.dma::system.l204.cpu_side       256186                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus04.pkt_count::total             5238101                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus04.pkt_size_system.cpu04.icache.mem_side::system.l204.cpu_side     64810880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus04.pkt_size_system.cpu04.dcache.mem_side::system.l204.cpu_side    113744902                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus04.pkt_size_system.cpu04.itb.walker.dma::system.l204.cpu_side      1009368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus04.pkt_size_system.cpu04.dtb.walker.dma::system.l204.cpu_side      1024744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus04.pkt_size::total            180589894                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus04.snoops                       2566098                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus04.snoopTraffic                 4825408                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus04.snoop_fanout::samples        4366412                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus04.snoop_fanout::mean          0.099677                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus04.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.299714                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus04.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus04.snoop_fanout::0              3931372     90.04%     90.04% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus04.snoop_fanout::1               434850      9.96%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus04.snoop_fanout::2                  190      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus04.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus04.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus04.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus04.snoop_fanout::total          4366412                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus04.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus05.snoop_filter.tot_requests      3462922                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus05.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      1746935                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus05.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          245                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus05.snoop_filter.tot_snoops       424386                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus05.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       424261                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus05.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops          125                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus05.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::ReadReq           246864                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::ReadResp         1673713                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::WriteReq            1972                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::WriteResp           1972                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       895723                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::WritebackClean       480883                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::CleanEvict        303252                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         28618                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        17100                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        45718                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::ReadExReq         258941                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::ReadExResp        258941                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       481395                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       945454                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::CleanSharedReq          384                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::CleanSharedResp          384                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        29894                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        29894                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.pkt_count_system.cpu05.icache.mem_side::system.l205.cpu_side      1443673                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus05.pkt_count_system.cpu05.dcache.mem_side::system.l205.cpu_side      3769547                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus05.pkt_count_system.cpu05.itb.walker.dma::system.l205.cpu_side       220270                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus05.pkt_count_system.cpu05.dtb.walker.dma::system.l205.cpu_side       267612                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus05.pkt_count::total             5701102                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus05.pkt_size_system.cpu05.icache.mem_side::system.l205.cpu_side     61585792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus05.pkt_size_system.cpu05.dcache.mem_side::system.l205.cpu_side    134427014                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus05.pkt_size_system.cpu05.itb.walker.dma::system.l205.cpu_side       881080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus05.pkt_size_system.cpu05.dtb.walker.dma::system.l205.cpu_side      1070448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus05.pkt_size::total            197964334                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus05.snoops                       2385599                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus05.snoopTraffic                 6435008                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus05.snoop_fanout::samples        4334472                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus05.snoop_fanout::mean          0.102904                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus05.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.303928                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus05.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus05.snoop_fanout::0              3888563     89.71%     89.71% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus05.snoop_fanout::1               445784     10.28%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus05.snoop_fanout::2                  125      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus05.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus05.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus05.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus05.snoop_fanout::total          4334472                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus05.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus06.snoop_filter.tot_requests      3851097                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus06.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      1946638                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus06.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          303                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus06.snoop_filter.tot_snoops       405532                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus06.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       405383                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus06.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops          149                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus06.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::ReadReq           305529                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::ReadResp         1926767                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::WriteReq            2640                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::WriteResp           2640                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       954992                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::WritebackClean       580549                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::CleanEvict        327267                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         33211                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        19218                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        52429                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::ReadExReq         241507                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::ReadExResp        241507                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       581061                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      1040177                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::CleanSharedReq         1152                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::CleanSharedResp         1152                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        40572                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        40572                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.pkt_count_system.cpu06.icache.mem_side::system.l206.cpu_side      1742671                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus06.pkt_count_system.cpu06.dcache.mem_side::system.l206.cpu_side      4044045                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus06.pkt_count_system.cpu06.itb.walker.dma::system.l206.cpu_side       277810                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus06.pkt_count_system.cpu06.dtb.walker.dma::system.l206.cpu_side       328416                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus06.pkt_count::total             6392942                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus06.pkt_size_system.cpu06.icache.mem_side::system.l206.cpu_side     74343040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus06.pkt_size_system.cpu06.dcache.mem_side::system.l206.cpu_side    143166470                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus06.pkt_size_system.cpu06.itb.walker.dma::system.l206.cpu_side      1111240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus06.pkt_size_system.cpu06.dtb.walker.dma::system.l206.cpu_side      1313664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus06.pkt_size::total            219934414                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus06.snoops                       2509005                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus06.snoopTraffic                 5941184                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus06.snoop_fanout::samples        4715857                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus06.snoop_fanout::mean          0.092746                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus06.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.290185                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus06.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus06.snoop_fanout::0              4278631     90.73%     90.73% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus06.snoop_fanout::1               437077      9.27%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus06.snoop_fanout::2                  149      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus06.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus06.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus06.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus06.snoop_fanout::total          4715857                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus06.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus07.snoop_filter.tot_requests      3926222                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus07.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      1976294                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus07.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          306                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus07.snoop_filter.tot_snoops       510157                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus07.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       510062                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus07.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           95                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus07.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::ReadReq           264453                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::ReadResp         1971451                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::WriteReq            2807                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::WriteResp           2807                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       859318                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::WritebackClean       655649                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::CleanEvict        380264                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         39834                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        20229                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        60063                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::ReadExReq         215103                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::ReadExResp        215103                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       656161                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      1050837                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::CleanSharedReq          384                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::CleanSharedResp          384                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        27447                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        27447                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.pkt_count_system.cpu07.icache.mem_side::system.l207.cpu_side      1967971                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus07.pkt_count_system.cpu07.dcache.mem_side::system.l207.cpu_side      3960350                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus07.pkt_count_system.cpu07.itb.walker.dma::system.l207.cpu_side       256656                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus07.pkt_count_system.cpu07.dtb.walker.dma::system.l207.cpu_side       264764                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus07.pkt_count::total             6449741                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus07.pkt_size_system.cpu07.icache.mem_side::system.l207.cpu_side     83955840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus07.pkt_size_system.cpu07.dcache.mem_side::system.l207.cpu_side    136042704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus07.pkt_size_system.cpu07.itb.walker.dma::system.l207.cpu_side      1026624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus07.pkt_size_system.cpu07.dtb.walker.dma::system.l207.cpu_side      1059056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus07.pkt_size::total            222084224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus07.snoops                       2603936                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus07.snoopTraffic                 5841664                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus07.snoop_fanout::samples        4775667                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus07.snoop_fanout::mean          0.111305                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus07.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.314572                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus07.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus07.snoop_fanout::0              4244208     88.87%     88.87% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus07.snoop_fanout::1               531364     11.13%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus07.snoop_fanout::2                   95      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus07.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus07.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus07.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus07.snoop_fanout::total          4775667                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus07.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus08.snoop_filter.tot_requests      2856713                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus08.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      1436680                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus08.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          300                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus08.snoop_filter.tot_snoops       383581                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus08.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       383414                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus08.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops          167                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus08.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::ReadReq           155579                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::ReadResp         1353650                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::WriteReq            1725                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::WriteResp           1725                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       768448                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::WritebackClean       416668                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::CleanEvict        206111                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         25580                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        12064                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        37644                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::ReadExReq         200953                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::ReadExResp        200953                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       417180                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       780891                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::CleanSharedReq         1664                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::CleanSharedResp         1664                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        19381                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        19381                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.pkt_count_system.cpu08.icache.mem_side::system.l208.cpu_side      1251028                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus08.pkt_count_system.cpu08.dcache.mem_side::system.l208.cpu_side      3064237                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus08.pkt_count_system.cpu08.itb.walker.dma::system.l208.cpu_side       124582                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus08.pkt_count_system.cpu08.dtb.walker.dma::system.l208.cpu_side       181414                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus08.pkt_count::total             4621261                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus08.pkt_size_system.cpu08.icache.mem_side::system.l208.cpu_side     53366272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus08.pkt_size_system.cpu08.dcache.mem_side::system.l208.cpu_side    112033923                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus08.pkt_size_system.cpu08.itb.walker.dma::system.l208.cpu_side       498328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus08.pkt_size_system.cpu08.dtb.walker.dma::system.l208.cpu_side       725656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus08.pkt_size::total            166624179                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus08.snoops                       2214958                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus08.snoopTraffic                 4614080                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus08.snoop_fanout::samples        3785361                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus08.snoop_fanout::mean          0.103510                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus08.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.304768                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus08.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus08.snoop_fanout::0              3393707     89.65%     89.65% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus08.snoop_fanout::1               391487     10.34%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus08.snoop_fanout::2                  167      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus08.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus08.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus08.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus08.snoop_fanout::total          3785361                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus08.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus09.snoop_filter.tot_requests      3241300                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus09.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      1637983                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus09.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          272                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus09.snoop_filter.tot_snoops       380849                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus09.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       380688                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus09.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops          161                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus09.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::ReadReq           233143                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::ReadResp         1600500                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::WriteReq            1356                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::WriteResp           1356                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       828827                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::WritebackClean       461290                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::CleanEvict        282966                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         27457                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        15025                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        42482                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::ReadExReq         204395                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::ReadExResp        204395                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       461802                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       905555                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::CleanSharedReq           64                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::CleanSharedResp           64                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        31503                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        31503                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.pkt_count_system.cpu09.icache.mem_side::system.l209.cpu_side      1384894                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus09.pkt_count_system.cpu09.dcache.mem_side::system.l209.cpu_side      3487235                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus09.pkt_count_system.cpu09.itb.walker.dma::system.l209.cpu_side       218684                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus09.pkt_count_system.cpu09.dtb.walker.dma::system.l209.cpu_side       242870                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus09.pkt_count::total             5333683                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus09.pkt_size_system.cpu09.icache.mem_side::system.l209.cpu_side     59077888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus09.pkt_size_system.cpu09.dcache.mem_side::system.l209.cpu_side    124096506                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus09.pkt_size_system.cpu09.itb.walker.dma::system.l209.cpu_side       874736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus09.pkt_size_system.cpu09.dtb.walker.dma::system.l209.cpu_side       971480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus09.pkt_size::total            185020610                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus09.snoops                       2338711                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus09.snoopTraffic                 4839040                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus09.snoop_fanout::samples        4168640                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus09.snoop_fanout::mean          0.096842                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus09.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.295873                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus09.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus09.snoop_fanout::0              3765103     90.32%     90.32% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus09.snoop_fanout::1               403376      9.68%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus09.snoop_fanout::2                  161      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus09.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus09.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus09.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus09.snoop_fanout::total          4168640                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus09.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus10.snoop_filter.tot_requests      2288250                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus10.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      1155871                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus10.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          151                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus10.snoop_filter.tot_snoops       336085                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus10.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       335970                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus10.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops          115                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus10.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::ReadReq           137395                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::ReadResp         1101272                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::WriteReq            1002                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::WriteResp           1002                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       584340                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::WritebackClean       279227                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::CleanEvict        250140                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         17695                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         9056                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        26751                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::ReadExReq         159368                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::ReadExResp        159368                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       279739                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       684138                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         9145                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::InvalidateResp         9145                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.pkt_count_system.cpu10.icache.mem_side::system.l210.cpu_side       838705                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus10.pkt_count_system.cpu10.dcache.mem_side::system.l210.cpu_side      2598400                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus10.pkt_count_system.cpu10.itb.walker.dma::system.l210.cpu_side        93718                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus10.pkt_count_system.cpu10.dtb.walker.dma::system.l210.cpu_side       177960                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus10.pkt_count::total             3708783                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus10.pkt_size_system.cpu10.icache.mem_side::system.l210.cpu_side     35773824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus10.pkt_size_system.cpu10.dcache.mem_side::system.l210.cpu_side     91392376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus10.pkt_size_system.cpu10.itb.walker.dma::system.l210.cpu_side       374872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus10.pkt_size_system.cpu10.dtb.walker.dma::system.l210.cpu_side       711840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus10.pkt_size::total            128252912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus10.snoops                       1956457                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus10.snoopTraffic                 4288384                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus10.snoop_fanout::samples        3226612                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus10.snoop_fanout::mean          0.109016                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus10.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.311774                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus10.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus10.snoop_fanout::0              2874974     89.10%     89.10% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus10.snoop_fanout::1               351523     10.89%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus10.snoop_fanout::2                  115      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus10.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus10.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus10.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus10.snoop_fanout::total          3226612                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus10.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus11.snoop_filter.tot_requests      3551277                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus11.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      1787819                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus11.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          335                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus11.snoop_filter.tot_snoops       450756                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus11.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       450615                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus11.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops          141                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus11.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::ReadReq           268521                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::ReadResp         1734993                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::WriteReq            2891                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::WriteResp           2891                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       904050                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::WritebackClean       458272                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::CleanEvict        347008                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         38023                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        19475                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        57498                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::ReadExReq         267813                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::ReadExResp        267813                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       458784                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      1007688                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::CleanSharedReq         1088                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::CleanSharedResp         1088                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        28091                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        28091                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.pkt_count_system.cpu11.icache.mem_side::system.l211.cpu_side      1375840                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus11.pkt_count_system.cpu11.dcache.mem_side::system.l211.cpu_side      3987510                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus11.pkt_count_system.cpu11.itb.walker.dma::system.l211.cpu_side       211026                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus11.pkt_count_system.cpu11.dtb.walker.dma::system.l211.cpu_side       319702                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus11.pkt_count::total             5894078                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus11.pkt_size_system.cpu11.icache.mem_side::system.l211.cpu_side     58691584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus11.pkt_size_system.cpu11.dcache.mem_side::system.l211.cpu_side    139515452                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus11.pkt_size_system.cpu11.itb.walker.dma::system.l211.cpu_side       844104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus11.pkt_size_system.cpu11.dtb.walker.dma::system.l211.cpu_side      1278808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus11.pkt_size::total            200329948                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus11.snoops                       2486443                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus11.snoopTraffic                 6093952                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus11.snoop_fanout::samples        4497464                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus11.snoop_fanout::mean          0.104996                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus11.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.306651                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus11.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus11.snoop_fanout::0              4025388     89.50%     89.50% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus11.snoop_fanout::1               471935     10.49%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus11.snoop_fanout::2                  141      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus11.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus11.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus11.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus11.snoop_fanout::total          4497464                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus11.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus12.snoop_filter.tot_requests      3026714                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus12.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      1498860                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus12.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          241                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus12.snoop_filter.tot_snoops       376056                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus12.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       375935                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus12.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops          121                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus12.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::ReadReq           190158                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::ReadResp         1464012                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::WriteReq            2660                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::WriteResp           2660                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       747902                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::WritebackClean       468006                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::CleanEvict        234516                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         25228                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        12502                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        37730                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::ReadExReq         188958                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::ReadExResp        188958                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       468518                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       805336                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::CleanSharedReq        45760                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::CleanSharedResp        45760                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        19352                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        19352                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.pkt_count_system.cpu12.icache.mem_side::system.l212.cpu_side      1405042                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus12.pkt_count_system.cpu12.dcache.mem_side::system.l212.cpu_side      3187748                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus12.pkt_count_system.cpu12.itb.walker.dma::system.l212.cpu_side       141718                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus12.pkt_count_system.cpu12.dtb.walker.dma::system.l212.cpu_side       232860                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus12.pkt_count::total             4967368                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus12.pkt_size_system.cpu12.icache.mem_side::system.l212.cpu_side     59937536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus12.pkt_size_system.cpu12.dcache.mem_side::system.l212.cpu_side    111518937                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus12.pkt_size_system.cpu12.itb.walker.dma::system.l212.cpu_side       566872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus12.pkt_size_system.cpu12.dtb.walker.dma::system.l212.cpu_side       931440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus12.pkt_size::total            172954785                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus12.snoops                       2121850                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus12.snoopTraffic                 4401920                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus12.snoop_fanout::samples        3829343                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus12.snoop_fanout::mean          0.101076                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus12.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.301534                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus12.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus12.snoop_fanout::0              3442410     89.90%     89.90% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus12.snoop_fanout::1               386812     10.10%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus12.snoop_fanout::2                  121      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus12.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus12.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus12.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus12.snoop_fanout::total          3829343                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus12.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus13.snoop_filter.tot_requests     22876105                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus13.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     11463884                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus13.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          290                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus13.snoop_filter.tot_snoops       704941                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus13.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       704880                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus13.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           61                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus13.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::ReadReq          3689324                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::ReadResp        14388747                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::WriteReq            9670                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::WriteResp           9670                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1930176                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::WritebackClean      7629564                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::CleanEvict       1718080                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::UpgradeReq        101298                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        81879                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::UpgradeResp       183177                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::ReadExReq         569192                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::ReadExResp        569192                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq      7630076                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      3069347                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::CleanSharedReq          320                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::CleanSharedResp          320                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::InvalidateReq       143574                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::InvalidateResp       143574                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.pkt_count_system.cpu13.icache.mem_side::system.l213.cpu_side     22889716                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus13.pkt_count_system.cpu13.dcache.mem_side::system.l213.cpu_side     11632116                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus13.pkt_count_system.cpu13.itb.walker.dma::system.l213.cpu_side      4735132                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus13.pkt_count_system.cpu13.dtb.walker.dma::system.l213.cpu_side      2610216                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus13.pkt_count::total            41867180                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus13.pkt_size_system.cpu13.icache.mem_side::system.l213.cpu_side    976616960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus13.pkt_size_system.cpu13.dcache.mem_side::system.l213.cpu_side    356503030                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus13.pkt_size_system.cpu13.itb.walker.dma::system.l213.cpu_side     18940528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus13.pkt_size_system.cpu13.dtb.walker.dma::system.l213.cpu_side     10440864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus13.pkt_size::total           1362501382                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus13.snoops                       3729443                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus13.snoopTraffic                 5960320                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus13.snoop_fanout::samples       18797557                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus13.snoop_fanout::mean          0.037659                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus13.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.190386                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus13.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus13.snoop_fanout::0             18089727     96.23%     96.23% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus13.snoop_fanout::1               707769      3.77%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus13.snoop_fanout::2                   61      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus13.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus13.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus13.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus13.snoop_fanout::total         18797557                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus13.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus14.snoop_filter.tot_requests    266566582                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus14.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests    133324349                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus14.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          248                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus14.snoop_filter.tot_snoops      2181907                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus14.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops      2181791                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus14.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops          116                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus14.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::ReadReq         36684971                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::ReadResp       163290330                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::WriteReq           26710                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::WriteResp          26710                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     15767849                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::WritebackClean    103533019                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::CleanEvict      13520379                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::UpgradeReq        291812                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq       200242                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::UpgradeResp       492054                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::ReadExReq        5122346                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::ReadExResp       5122346                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq    103533531                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq     23071828                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::CleanSharedReq           64                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::CleanSharedResp           64                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::InvalidateReq      1523887                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::InvalidateResp      1523887                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.pkt_count_system.cpu14.icache.mem_side::system.l214.cpu_side    310600081                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus14.pkt_count_system.cpu14.dcache.mem_side::system.l214.cpu_side     89805504                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus14.pkt_count_system.cpu14.itb.walker.dma::system.l214.cpu_side     62903778                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus14.pkt_count_system.cpu14.dtb.walker.dma::system.l214.cpu_side     10422666                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus14.pkt_count::total           473732029                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus14.pkt_size_system.cpu14.icache.mem_side::system.l214.cpu_side  13252259200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus14.pkt_size_system.cpu14.dcache.mem_side::system.l214.cpu_side   2813763306                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus14.pkt_size_system.cpu14.itb.walker.dma::system.l214.cpu_side    251615112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus14.pkt_size_system.cpu14.dtb.walker.dma::system.l214.cpu_side     41690664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus14.pkt_size::total          16359328282                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus14.snoops                       8355826                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus14.snoopTraffic                68389568                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus14.snoop_fanout::samples      178052735                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus14.snoop_fanout::mean          0.012265                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus14.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.110074                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus14.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus14.snoop_fanout::0            175868955     98.77%     98.77% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus14.snoop_fanout::1              2183664      1.23%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus14.snoop_fanout::2                  116      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus14.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus14.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus14.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus14.snoop_fanout::total        178052735                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus14.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus15.snoop_filter.tot_requests     32782496                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus15.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     16423468                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus15.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          309                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus15.snoop_filter.tot_snoops       910838                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus15.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       910710                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus15.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops          128                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus15.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 51637636911358496                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::ReadReq          5570172                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::ReadResp        20972003                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::WriteReq           11543                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::WriteResp          11543                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      2407772                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::WritebackClean     11273880                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::CleanEvict       2489328                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::UpgradeReq        130543                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq       113278                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::UpgradeResp       243821                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::ReadExReq         736572                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::ReadExResp        736572                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq     11274392                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      4127439                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::CleanSharedReq         3776                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::CleanSharedResp         3776                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::InvalidateReq       217129                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::InvalidateResp       217129                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.pkt_count_system.cpu15.icache.mem_side::system.l215.cpu_side     33822664                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus15.pkt_count_system.cpu15.dcache.mem_side::system.l215.cpu_side     15622902                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus15.pkt_count_system.cpu15.itb.walker.dma::system.l215.cpu_side      7129202                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus15.pkt_count_system.cpu15.dtb.walker.dma::system.l215.cpu_side      3965900                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus15.pkt_count::total            60540668                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus15.pkt_size_system.cpu15.icache.mem_side::system.l215.cpu_side   1443089408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus15.pkt_size_system.cpu15.dcache.mem_side::system.l215.cpu_side    465530303                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus15.pkt_size_system.cpu15.itb.walker.dma::system.l215.cpu_side     28516808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus15.pkt_size_system.cpu15.dtb.walker.dma::system.l215.cpu_side     15863600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus15.pkt_size::total           1953000119                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus15.snoops                       4240907                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus15.snoopTraffic                 7649728                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus15.snoop_fanout::samples       26123724                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus15.snoop_fanout::mean          0.035204                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus15.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.184322                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus15.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus15.snoop_fanout::0             25204190     96.48%     96.48% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus15.snoop_fanout::1               919406      3.52%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus15.snoop_fanout::2                  128      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus15.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus15.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus15.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus15.snoop_fanout::total         26123724                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus15.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
