
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                               1935.977864                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1935977863922500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               8683100918703500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                2686545                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  2925300                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                           753928980376                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                5024732                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  2567.85                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6898648294                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    7511737967                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           625                       # Clock period in ticks
system.bootmem.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu00.dtb.walker        41792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu00.itb.walker        28352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu00.inst       2188352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu00.data       3899712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu01.dtb.walker        73664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu01.itb.walker        21440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu01.inst        827776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu01.data       5471936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu02.dtb.walker         9664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu02.itb.walker         7168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu02.inst        879744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu02.data       1311168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu03.dtb.walker        13952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu03.itb.walker        14528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu03.inst       1307968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu03.data       1923328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu04.dtb.walker        28544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu04.itb.walker        14528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu04.inst       1161536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu04.data       1165440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu05.dtb.walker         9536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu05.itb.walker         7936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu05.inst        670976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu05.data       1074048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu06.dtb.walker         3648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu06.itb.walker         5184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu06.inst        326592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu06.data        355328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu07.dtb.walker         4032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu07.itb.walker         5888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu07.inst        445568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu07.data        585216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu08.dtb.walker         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu08.itb.walker         5888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu08.inst        424384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu08.data        574720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu09.dtb.walker         2880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu09.itb.walker         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu09.inst        250560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu09.data        387776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu11.dtb.walker         3776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu11.itb.walker         3392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu11.inst        381184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu11.data        407616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu12.dtb.walker         3392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu12.itb.walker         3520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu12.inst        344576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu12.data        343936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu13.dtb.walker        22208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu13.itb.walker        16448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu13.inst        995520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu13.data       1029056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu14.dtb.walker       458368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu14.itb.walker       379200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu14.inst       6084736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu14.data       5140352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu15.dtb.walker        10752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu15.itb.walker         7296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu15.inst        378560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu15.data        211520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           41764480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu00.inst      2188352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu01.inst       827776                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu02.inst       879744                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu03.inst      1307968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu04.inst      1161536                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu05.inst       670976                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu06.inst       326592                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu07.inst       445568                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu08.inst       424384                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu09.inst       250560                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu11.inst       381184                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu12.inst       344576                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu13.inst       995520                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu14.inst      6084736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu15.inst       378560                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total      16668032                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     40737600                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        40737600                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu00.dtb.walker          653                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu00.itb.walker          443                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu00.inst          34193                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu00.data          60933                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu01.dtb.walker         1151                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu01.itb.walker          335                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu01.inst          12934                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu01.data          85499                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu02.dtb.walker          151                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu02.itb.walker          112                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu02.inst          13746                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu02.data          20487                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu03.dtb.walker          218                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu03.itb.walker          227                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu03.inst          20437                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu03.data          30052                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu04.dtb.walker          446                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu04.itb.walker          227                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu04.inst          18149                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu04.data          18210                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu05.dtb.walker          149                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu05.itb.walker          124                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu05.inst          10484                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu05.data          16782                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu06.dtb.walker           57                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu06.itb.walker           81                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu06.inst           5103                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu06.data           5552                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu07.dtb.walker           63                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu07.itb.walker           92                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu07.inst           6962                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu07.data           9144                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu08.dtb.walker           82                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu08.itb.walker           92                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu08.inst           6631                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu08.data           8980                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu09.dtb.walker           45                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu09.itb.walker           48                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu09.inst           3915                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu09.data           6059                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu11.dtb.walker           59                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu11.itb.walker           53                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu11.inst           5956                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu11.data           6369                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu12.dtb.walker           53                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu12.itb.walker           55                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu12.inst           5384                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu12.data           5374                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu13.dtb.walker          347                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu13.itb.walker          257                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu13.inst          15555                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu13.data          16079                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu14.dtb.walker         7162                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu14.itb.walker         5925                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu14.inst          95074                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu14.data          80318                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu15.dtb.walker          168                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu15.itb.walker          114                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu15.inst           5915                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu15.data           3305                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              652570                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        636525                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             636525                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu00.dtb.walker           22                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu00.itb.walker           15                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu00.inst             1130                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu00.data             2014                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu01.dtb.walker           38                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu01.itb.walker           11                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu01.inst              428                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu01.data             2826                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu02.dtb.walker            5                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu02.itb.walker            4                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu02.inst              454                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu02.data              677                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu03.dtb.walker            7                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu03.itb.walker            8                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu03.inst              676                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu03.data              993                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu04.dtb.walker           15                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu04.itb.walker            8                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu04.inst              600                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu04.data              602                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu05.dtb.walker            5                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu05.itb.walker            4                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu05.inst              347                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu05.data              555                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu06.dtb.walker            2                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu06.itb.walker            3                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu06.inst              169                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu06.data              184                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu07.dtb.walker            2                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu07.itb.walker            3                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu07.inst              230                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu07.data              302                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu08.dtb.walker            3                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu08.itb.walker            3                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu08.inst              219                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu08.data              297                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu09.dtb.walker            1                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu09.itb.walker            2                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu09.inst              129                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu09.data              200                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu11.dtb.walker            2                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu11.itb.walker            2                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu11.inst              197                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu11.data              211                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu12.dtb.walker            2                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu12.itb.walker            2                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu12.inst              178                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu12.data              178                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu13.dtb.walker           11                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu13.itb.walker            8                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu13.inst              514                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu13.data              532                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu14.dtb.walker          237                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu14.itb.walker          196                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu14.inst             3143                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu14.data             2655                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu15.dtb.walker            6                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu15.itb.walker            4                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu15.inst              196                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu15.data              109                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total                 21573                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu00.inst         1130                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu01.inst          428                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu02.inst          454                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu03.inst          676                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu04.inst          600                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu05.inst          347                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu06.inst          169                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu07.inst          230                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu08.inst          219                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu09.inst          129                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu11.inst          197                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu12.inst          178                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu13.inst          514                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu14.inst         3143                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu15.inst          196                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total             8610                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks           21042                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total                21042                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks           21042                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu00.dtb.walker           22                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu00.itb.walker           15                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu00.inst            1130                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu00.data            2014                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu01.dtb.walker           38                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu01.itb.walker           11                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu01.inst             428                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu01.data            2826                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu02.dtb.walker            5                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu02.itb.walker            4                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu02.inst             454                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu02.data             677                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu03.dtb.walker            7                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu03.itb.walker            8                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu03.inst             676                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu03.data             993                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu04.dtb.walker           15                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu04.itb.walker            8                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu04.inst             600                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu04.data             602                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu05.dtb.walker            5                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu05.itb.walker            4                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu05.inst             347                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu05.data             555                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu06.dtb.walker            2                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu06.itb.walker            3                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu06.inst             169                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu06.data             184                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu07.dtb.walker            2                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu07.itb.walker            3                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu07.inst             230                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu07.data             302                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu08.dtb.walker            3                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu08.itb.walker            3                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu08.inst             219                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu08.data             297                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu09.dtb.walker            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu09.itb.walker            2                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu09.inst             129                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu09.data             200                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu11.dtb.walker            2                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu11.itb.walker            2                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu11.inst             197                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu11.data             211                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu12.dtb.walker            2                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu12.itb.walker            2                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu12.inst             178                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu12.data             178                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu13.dtb.walker           11                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu13.itb.walker            8                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu13.inst             514                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu13.data             532                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu14.dtb.walker          237                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu14.itb.walker          196                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu14.inst            3143                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu14.data            2655                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu15.dtb.walker            6                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu15.itb.walker            4                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu15.inst             196                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu15.data             109                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total                42615                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                           0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                          0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                       0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                       0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                    0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::16                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::17                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::18                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::19                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::20                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::21                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::22                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::23                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::24                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::25                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::26                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::27                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::28                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::29                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::30                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::31                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::16                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::17                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::18                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::19                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::20                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::21                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::22                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::23                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::24                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::25                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::26                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::27                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::28                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::29                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::30                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::31                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                             0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::64                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::65                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::66                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::67                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::68                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::69                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::70                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::71                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::72                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::73                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::74                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::75                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::76                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::77                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::78                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::79                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::80                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::81                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::82                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::83                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::84                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::85                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::86                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::87                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::88                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::89                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::90                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::91                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::92                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::93                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::94                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::95                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::96                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::97                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::98                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::99                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::100                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::101                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::102                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::103                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::104                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::105                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::106                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::107                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::108                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::109                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::110                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::111                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::112                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::113                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::114                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::115                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::116                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::117                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::118                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::119                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::120                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::121                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::122                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::123                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::124                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::125                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::126                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::127                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                            0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat                       0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                          nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                        nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                     nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                         0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      19207.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                       0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                           nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                      nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         315951587392128.187500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           315951587392128.187500                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            163.200000                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime                    0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 8683100918703500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         315951587392128.187500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           315951587392128.187500                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            163.200000                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime                    0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 8683100918703500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.preBackEnergy         315951587392128.187500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.actPowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.prePowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.totalEnergy           315951587392128.187500                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.averagePower            163.200000                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_2.totalIdleTime                    0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::IDLE 8683100918703500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.preBackEnergy         315951587392128.187500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.actPowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.prePowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.totalEnergy           315951587392128.187500                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.averagePower            163.200000                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_3.totalIdleTime                    0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::IDLE 8683100918703500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cf0.dma_read_full_pages                     14                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_bytes                       57344                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_txs                            14                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_write_full_pages                    81                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_bytes                     331776                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_txs                           81                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walks                   57356                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walksLong               57356                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        57356                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         57356    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        57356                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples     15751648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walksPending::0      15751648    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walksPending::total     15751648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        56373     98.40%     98.40% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          867      1.51%     99.91% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G           49      0.09%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        57289                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        57356                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        57356                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        57289                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        57289                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total       114645                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                    8346762                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                    54676                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                   6545541                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                    2680                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              1814                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    19                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                    320                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                 2736                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                     138                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                8401438                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses               6548221                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                        14892303                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                         57356                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                    14949659                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walks                  103640                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walksLong              103640                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples       103640                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0        103640    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total       103640                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walksPending::samples     15775648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walksPending::0      15775648    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walksPending::total     15775648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K       102669     99.10%     99.10% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          935      0.90%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total       103604                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst       103640                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total       103640                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst       103604                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total       103604                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total       207244                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                   40134079                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                   103640                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              1814                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    19                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                    192                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses               40237719                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                        40134079                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                        103640                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                    40237719                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numPwrStateTransitions              2959                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         1480                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   1308076912934.236572                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  6287260419376.124023                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          306     20.68%     20.68% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         1073     72.50%     93.18% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::1.5e+11-2e+11            1      0.07%     93.24% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::4e+11-4.5e+11            2      0.14%     93.38% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::4.5e+11-5e+11            2      0.14%     93.51% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::6e+11-6.5e+11            1      0.07%     93.58% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::8e+11-8.5e+11            1      0.07%     93.65% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows           94      6.35%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 79871113150944                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::total          1480                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   24032779830                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 1935953831142670                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.numCycles                   17301731239350                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu00.kern.inst.quiesce                   1480                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                  40233851                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                    48062642                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.committedUserInsts              12166147                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses            44035705                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_vec_alu_accesses              529085                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                   2901705                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts      5417902                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                   44035705                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_vec_insts                     529085                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads          63453243                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes         34305804                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_vec_register_reads            767530                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu00.num_vec_register_writes           466341                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu00.num_cc_register_reads           26005879                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu00.num_cc_register_writes          11454496                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                    14896971                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                   8347863                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                  6549108                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles             17301516459763.785156                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles             214779586.215591                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction               0.000012                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                   0.999988                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.Branches                         8786931                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu00.op_class::No_OpClass               22697      0.05%      0.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IntAlu                32654368     67.94%     67.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IntMult                  67171      0.14%     68.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IntDiv                   18983      0.04%     68.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     68.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     68.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     68.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     68.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     68.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     68.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     68.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     68.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAdd                  76154      0.16%     68.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     68.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAlu                 162754      0.34%     68.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdCmp                  90788      0.19%     68.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     68.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdMisc                 76545      0.16%     69.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     69.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     69.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     69.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     69.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     69.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     69.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     69.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     69.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     69.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     69.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatMisc               43      0.00%     69.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     69.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     69.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     69.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead                8347863     17.37%     86.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite               6549108     13.63%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::total                 48066474                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         476.824056                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.total_refs          14936502                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          441057                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.avg_refs           33.865242                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   476.824056                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.931297                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.931297                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          447                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          447                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.873047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        30317261                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.data_accesses       30317261                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu00.data      7845084                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7845084                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu00.data      6303895                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6303895                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu00.data        85073                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        85073                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu00.data         4090                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         4090                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu00.data       122526                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       122526                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu00.data       115162                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       115162                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::cpu00.data     14153069                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total       14153069                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::cpu00.data     14238142                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total      14238142                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu00.data       328441                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       328441                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu00.data        85712                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        85712                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu00.data        11312                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        11312                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu00.data        22982                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        22982                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu00.data         2645                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         2645                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu00.data         9580                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         9580                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::cpu00.data       437135                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total       437135                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::cpu00.data       448447                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total       448447                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu00.data      8173525                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8173525                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu00.data      6389607                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6389607                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu00.data        96385                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        96385                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu00.data        27072                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        27072                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu00.data       125171                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       125171                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu00.data       124742                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       124742                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu00.data     14590204                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14590204                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu00.data     14686589                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14686589                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.040184                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.040184                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.013414                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.013414                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.117363                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.117363                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.848921                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.848921                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.021131                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.021131                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.076799                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.076799                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.029961                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.029961                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.030534                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.030534                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       192473                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total          192473                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements               424583                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.icache.tags.tagsinuse         511.999980                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.tags.total_refs          40237683                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.tags.sampled_refs          979325                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.tags.avg_refs           41.087160                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst   511.999980                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu00.icache.tags.tag_accesses        81454691                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu00.icache.tags.data_accesses       81454691                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu00.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu00.inst     39258358                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      39258358                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::cpu00.inst     39258358                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total       39258358                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::cpu00.inst     39258358                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total      39258358                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu00.inst       979325                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       979325                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::cpu00.inst       979325                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total       979325                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::cpu00.inst       979325                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total       979325                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu00.inst     40237683                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     40237683                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::cpu00.inst     40237683                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total     40237683                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::cpu00.inst     40237683                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total     40237683                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.024339                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.024339                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.024339                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.024339                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.024339                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.024339                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.writebacks::writebacks       978813                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.icache.writebacks::total          978813                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.icache.replacements               978813                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walks                   36748                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walksLong               36748                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        36748                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         36748    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        36748                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples     15753148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walksPending::0      15753148    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walksPending::total     15753148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        29361     99.61%     99.61% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M            7      0.02%     99.64% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G          107      0.36%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        29475                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        36748                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        36748                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        29475                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        29475                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        66223                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                  355879356                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                    20800                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                 353064844                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                   15948                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              1814                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    19                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                     22                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                  671                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                      12                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses              355900156                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses             353080792                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                       708944200                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                         36748                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                   708980948                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walks                   37652                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walksLong               37652                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        37652                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         37652    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        37652                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walksPending::samples     15777148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walksPending::0      15777148    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walksPending::total     15777148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        37393     99.64%     99.64% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          135      0.36%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        37528                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        37652                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        37652                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        37528                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        37528                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        75180                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                 6678344407                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                    37652                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              1814                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    19                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                     86                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses             6678382059                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                      6678344407                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                         37652                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                  6678382059                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numPwrStateTransitions               179                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples           90                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   21470597215139.367188                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  147355217675294.718750                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows           31     34.44%     34.44% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           48     53.33%     87.78% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::3.5e+11-4e+11            1      1.11%     88.89% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows           10     11.11%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          501                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 1387860617609500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::total            90                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  3624114559957                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 1932353749362543                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.numCycles                   1096234492715                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu01.kern.inst.quiesce                     90                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                6678374521                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                  7248221621                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.committedUserInsts            6653334116                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses          6553745365                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                   32                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_vec_alu_accesses                8304                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                 459536649                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts    737361211                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                 6553745365                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                          32                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_vec_insts                       8304                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads        9396659738                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes       4541797615                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                 32                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_vec_register_reads              8160                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu01.num_vec_register_writes              144                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu01.num_cc_register_reads        21663871044                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu01.num_cc_register_writes        4671822427                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                   731799962                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                 379289449                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                352510513                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles             1094182362130.135742                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles             2052130584.864242                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction               0.001872                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                   0.998128                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.Branches                      1178690324                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu01.op_class::No_OpClass                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IntAlu              6450292289     88.99%     88.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IntMult               61574160      0.85%     89.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IntDiv                   18629      0.00%     89.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     89.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     89.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     89.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     89.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     89.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     89.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     89.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     89.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     89.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     89.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     89.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     89.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     89.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     89.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     89.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     89.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     89.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     89.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     89.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     89.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     89.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     89.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     89.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     89.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatMisc          4543995      0.06%     89.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     89.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     89.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     89.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead              379289449      5.23%     95.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite             352510481      4.86%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMemWrite               32      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::total               7248229035                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         430.450159                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.total_refs         708961472                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          948193                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.avg_refs          747.697433                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054782000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.data   430.450159                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.840723                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.840723                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          432                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          432                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.843750                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.tag_accesses      1418885327                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.data_accesses     1418885327                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu01.data    354859574                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total     354859574                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu01.data    351938684                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total    351938684                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu01.data        73711                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        73711                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu01.data          239                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total          239                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu01.data       566201                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       566201                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu01.data       565060                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       565060                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::cpu01.data    706798497                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total      706798497                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::cpu01.data    706872208                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total     706872208                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu01.data       393151                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       393151                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu01.data        95584                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        95584                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu01.data         3967                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         3967                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu01.data       463262                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total       463262                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu01.data          465                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          465                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu01.data         1565                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         1565                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::cpu01.data       951997                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total       951997                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::cpu01.data       955964                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total       955964                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu01.data    355252725                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    355252725                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu01.data    352034268                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    352034268                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu01.data        77678                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        77678                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu01.data       463501                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total       463501                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu01.data       566666                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       566666                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu01.data       566625                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       566625                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu01.data    707750494                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total    707750494                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu01.data    707828172                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total    707828172                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.001107                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001107                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.000272                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000272                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.051070                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.051070                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.999484                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.999484                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.000821                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.000821                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.002762                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.002762                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.001345                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001345                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.001351                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001351                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       811167                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total          811167                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements               945121                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.icache.tags.tagsinuse         511.890556                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.tags.total_refs        6678381935                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.tags.sampled_refs          812678                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.tags.avg_refs         8217.746678                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054781500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst   511.890556                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.999786                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999786                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu01.icache.tags.tag_accesses     13357576548                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu01.icache.tags.data_accesses    13357576548                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu01.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu01.inst   6677569257                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total    6677569257                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::cpu01.inst   6677569257                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total     6677569257                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::cpu01.inst   6677569257                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total    6677569257                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu01.inst       812678                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       812678                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::cpu01.inst       812678                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total       812678                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::cpu01.inst       812678                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total       812678                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu01.inst   6678381935                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   6678381935                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::cpu01.inst   6678381935                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total   6678381935                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::cpu01.inst   6678381935                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total   6678381935                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu01.inst     0.000122                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000122                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu01.inst     0.000122                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000122                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu01.inst     0.000122                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000122                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.writebacks::writebacks       812166                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.icache.writebacks::total          812166                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.icache.replacements               812166                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walks                    3682                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walksLong                3682                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples         3682                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0          3682    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total         3682                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples   1143134280                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walksPending::0    1143134280    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walksPending::total   1143134280                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K         3438     97.78%     97.78% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           61      1.73%     99.52% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G           17      0.48%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total         3516                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data         3682                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total         3682                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data         3516                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total         3516                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total         7198                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                    1203672                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                     3393                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                    906160                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                     289                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              1814                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    19                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                    138                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                  118                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                      40                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                1207065                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                906449                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                         2109832                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                          3682                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                     2113514                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walks                   10139                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walksLong               10139                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        10139                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         10139    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        10139                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walksPending::samples   1143440280                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walksPending::0    1143440280    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walksPending::total   1143440280                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        10073     99.67%     99.67% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           33      0.33%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        10106                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        10139                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        10139                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        10106                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        10106                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        20245                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                    5552156                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                    10139                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              1814                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    19                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                     64                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                5562295                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                         5552156                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                         10139                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                     5562295                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numPwrStateTransitions               217                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          109                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   16096117093061.541016                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  165100461777412.250000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows           72     66.06%     66.06% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           32     29.36%     95.41% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::2.5e+11-3e+11            1      0.92%     96.33% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::4e+11-4.5e+11            1      0.92%     97.25% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows            3      2.75%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          501                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 1723796916383000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           109                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  181501100778792                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 1754476763143708                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.numCycles                   13918608004750                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu02.kern.inst.quiesce                    109                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                   5561448                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                     6585608                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.committedUserInsts               2408027                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses             6007238                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_vec_alu_accesses               42324                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                    299211                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts       898160                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                    6007238                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_vec_insts                      42324                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads           8401008                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes          4766766                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_vec_register_reads             60352                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu02.num_vec_register_writes            35954                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu02.num_cc_register_reads            1708212                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu02.num_cc_register_writes           1674624                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                     2107878                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                   1202196                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                   905682                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles             13918584328346.226562                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles             23676403.773356                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction               0.000002                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                   0.999998                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.Branches                         1257564                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu02.op_class::No_OpClass                1767      0.03%      0.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IntAlu                 4434860     67.33%     67.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IntMult                   9101      0.14%     67.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IntDiv                    1747      0.03%     67.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatAdd                     5      0.00%     67.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     67.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatCvt                     5      0.00%     67.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMult                    1      0.00%     67.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     67.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatDiv                     2      0.00%     67.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMisc                    4      0.00%     67.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     67.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAdd                   6009      0.09%     67.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     67.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAlu                  12139      0.18%     67.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdCmp                   7068      0.11%     67.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     67.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdMisc                  5836      0.09%     68.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     68.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     68.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     68.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     68.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     68.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     68.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     68.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     68.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     68.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     68.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     68.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     68.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     68.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     68.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                1202196     18.25%     86.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite                905682     13.75%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::total                  6586422                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         377.241071                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.total_refs           2112512                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           70135                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.avg_refs           30.120653                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6928620862348000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.data   377.241071                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.736799                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.736799                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          415                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          415                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.810547                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         4296325                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.data_accesses        4296325                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu02.data      1110635                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1110635                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu02.data       861299                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       861299                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu02.data        16021                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        16021                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu02.data         1229                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         1229                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu02.data        26004                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        26004                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu02.data        25817                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        25817                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::cpu02.data      1973163                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total        1973163                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::cpu02.data      1989184                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total       1989184                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu02.data        52170                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        52170                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu02.data        11837                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        11837                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu02.data         1596                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         1596                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu02.data         4855                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total         4855                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu02.data          416                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          416                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu02.data          576                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          576                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::cpu02.data        68862                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total        68862                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::cpu02.data        70458                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total        70458                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu02.data      1162805                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1162805                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu02.data       873136                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       873136                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu02.data        17617                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        17617                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu02.data         6084                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total         6084                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu02.data        26420                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        26420                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu02.data        26393                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        26393                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu02.data      2042025                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2042025                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu02.data      2059642                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2059642                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.044866                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.044866                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.013557                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.013557                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.090594                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.090594                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.797995                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.797995                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.015746                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.015746                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.021824                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.021824                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.033722                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.033722                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.034209                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.034209                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        38532                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total           38532                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                68759                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.icache.tags.tagsinuse         464.000016                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.tags.total_refs           5562262                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.tags.sampled_refs          103779                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.tags.avg_refs           53.597182                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6928620862343000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   464.000016                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.906250                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.906250                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu02.icache.tags.tag_accesses        11228303                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu02.icache.tags.data_accesses       11228303                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu02.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu02.inst      5458483                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       5458483                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::cpu02.inst      5458483                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total        5458483                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::cpu02.inst      5458483                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total       5458483                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu02.inst       103779                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       103779                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::cpu02.inst       103779                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total       103779                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::cpu02.inst       103779                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total       103779                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu02.inst      5562262                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      5562262                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::cpu02.inst      5562262                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total      5562262                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::cpu02.inst      5562262                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total      5562262                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu02.inst     0.018658                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.018658                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu02.inst     0.018658                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.018658                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu02.inst     0.018658                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.018658                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.writebacks::writebacks       103267                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.icache.writebacks::total          103267                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.icache.replacements               103267                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walks                    4360                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walksLong                4360                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples         4360                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0          4360    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total         4360                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples   -943807516                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walksPending::0    -943807516    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walksPending::total   -943807516                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K         4039     97.80%     97.80% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           79      1.91%     99.71% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G           12      0.29%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total         4130                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data         4360                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total         4360                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data         4130                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total         4130                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total         8490                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                    2805414                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                     3650                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                   2533143                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                     710                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              1814                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    19                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                    637                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                  280                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                     205                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                2809064                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses               2533853                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                         5338557                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                          4360                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                     5342917                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walks                   15376                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walksLong               15376                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        15376                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         15376    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        15376                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walksPending::samples   -991660516                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walksPending::0    -991660516    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walksPending::total   -991660516                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        15224     99.44%     99.44% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           85      0.56%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        15309                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        15376                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        15376                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        15309                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        15309                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        30685                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                   13924595                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                    15376                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              1814                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    19                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                    422                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses               13939971                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                        13924595                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                         15376                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                    13939971                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numPwrStateTransitions               409                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          205                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   9443754301740.380859                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  27650850829938.089844                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows           92     44.88%     44.88% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           77     37.56%     82.44% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::3.5e+11-4e+11            1      0.49%     82.93% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::8.5e+11-9e+11            1      0.49%     83.41% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows           34     16.59%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 181500012911500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           205                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    8232065722                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 1935969631856778                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.numCycles                   17281369350150                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu03.kern.inst.quiesce                    205                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                  13938547                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                    16462773                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.committedUserInsts               8085739                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses            15097589                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_vec_alu_accesses               74264                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                    685127                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts      2100460                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                   15097589                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_vec_insts                      74264                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads          20451822                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes         11819592                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_vec_register_reads             97467                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu03.num_vec_register_writes            53163                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu03.num_cc_register_reads            3897033                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu03.num_cc_register_writes           3849639                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                     5336234                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                   2803001                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                  2533233                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles             17281295867287.363281                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles             73482862.637004                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction               0.000004                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                   0.999996                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.Branches                         3031049                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu03.op_class::No_OpClass                2647      0.02%      0.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IntAlu                11052114     67.13%     67.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IntMult                  24033      0.15%     67.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IntDiv                    4470      0.03%     67.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     67.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     67.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     67.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     67.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     67.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     67.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     67.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     67.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAdd                   8123      0.05%     67.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     67.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAlu                  16795      0.10%     67.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdCmp                  10588      0.06%     67.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     67.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdMisc                  9126      0.06%     67.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     67.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     67.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     67.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     67.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     67.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     67.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     67.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     67.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     67.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     67.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     67.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     67.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     67.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     67.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                2803001     17.02%     84.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite               2533233     15.39%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::total                 16464130                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         323.699497                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.total_refs           5341364                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          125788                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.avg_refs           42.463224                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   323.699497                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.632226                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.632226                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          339                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          339                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.662109                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        10808644                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.data_accesses       10808644                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu03.data      2650195                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2650195                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu03.data      2449483                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      2449483                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu03.data        30503                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        30503                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu03.data         2191                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         2191                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu03.data        39790                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        39790                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu03.data        37651                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        37651                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::cpu03.data      5101869                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total        5101869                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::cpu03.data      5132372                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total       5132372                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu03.data        84689                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        84689                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu03.data        27176                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        27176                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu03.data         2939                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         2939                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu03.data        13865                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        13865                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu03.data          410                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          410                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu03.data         2472                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         2472                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::cpu03.data       125730                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total       125730                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::cpu03.data       128669                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total       128669                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu03.data      2734884                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2734884                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu03.data      2476659                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      2476659                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu03.data        33442                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        33442                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu03.data        16056                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        16056                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu03.data        40200                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        40200                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu03.data        40123                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        40123                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu03.data      5227599                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total      5227599                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu03.data      5261041                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total      5261041                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.030966                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.030966                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.010973                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.010973                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.087883                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.087883                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.863540                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.863540                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.010199                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.010199                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.061611                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.061611                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.024051                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.024051                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.024457                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.024457                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        74499                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total           74499                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements               122601                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.icache.tags.tagsinuse         481.999646                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.tags.total_refs          13939904                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.tags.sampled_refs          178798                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.tags.avg_refs           77.964541                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst   481.999646                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.941406                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.941406                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu03.icache.tags.tag_accesses        28058606                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu03.icache.tags.data_accesses       28058606                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu03.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu03.inst     13761106                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13761106                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::cpu03.inst     13761106                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total       13761106                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::cpu03.inst     13761106                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total      13761106                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu03.inst       178798                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       178798                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::cpu03.inst       178798                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total       178798                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::cpu03.inst       178798                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total       178798                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu03.inst     13939904                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13939904                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::cpu03.inst     13939904                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total     13939904                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::cpu03.inst     13939904                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total     13939904                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu03.inst     0.012826                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.012826                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu03.inst     0.012826                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012826                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu03.inst     0.012826                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012826                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.writebacks::writebacks       178286                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.icache.writebacks::total          178286                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.icache.replacements               178286                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walks                   23889                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walksLong               23889                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        23889                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         23889    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        23889                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples     15751648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walksPending::0      15751648    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walksPending::total     15751648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        23365     98.29%     98.29% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          386      1.62%     99.92% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G           20      0.08%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        23771                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        23889                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        23889                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        23771                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        23771                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        47660                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                    2665551                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                    22770                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                   2250742                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                    1119                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              1814                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    19                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                    134                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                  808                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                      71                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                2688321                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses               2251861                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                         4916293                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                         23889                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                     4940182                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walks                   45869                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walksLong               45869                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        45869                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         45869    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        45869                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walksPending::samples     15759148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walksPending::0      15759148    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walksPending::total     15759148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        45433     99.15%     99.15% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          389      0.85%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        45822                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        45869                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        45869                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        45822                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        45822                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        91691                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                   12932249                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                    45869                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              1814                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    19                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                     65                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses               12978118                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                        12932249                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                         45869                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                    12978118                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numPwrStateTransitions               881                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          441                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   4389954821995.296875                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  16647157777679.259766                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows           56     12.70%     12.70% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10          341     77.32%     90.02% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::4e+11-4.5e+11            1      0.23%     90.25% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows           43      9.75%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 85332409497692                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           441                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    7787422574                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 1935970076499926                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.numCycles                   17342201922375                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu04.kern.inst.quiesce                    441                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                  12976257                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                    15573257                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.committedUserInsts               3403128                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses            14392639                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_vec_alu_accesses              259428                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                    946572                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts      1768497                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                   14392639                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_vec_insts                     259428                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads          20443769                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes         11395139                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_vec_register_reads            378616                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu04.num_vec_register_writes           230138                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu04.num_cc_register_reads            2971284                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu04.num_cc_register_writes           2883831                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                     4931356                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                   2680341                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                  2251015                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles             17342132163890.759766                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles             69758484.240890                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction               0.000004                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                   0.999996                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.Branches                         2860742                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu04.op_class::No_OpClass               11179      0.07%      0.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IntAlu                10396121     66.75%     66.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IntMult                  27575      0.18%     67.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IntDiv                    7361      0.05%     67.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     67.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     67.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     67.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     67.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     67.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     67.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     67.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     67.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAdd                  37754      0.24%     67.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     67.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAlu                  81012      0.52%     67.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdCmp                  44716      0.29%     68.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     68.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdMisc                 37997      0.24%     68.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     68.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     68.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     68.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     68.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     68.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     68.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     68.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     68.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     68.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     68.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     68.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     68.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     68.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     68.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                2680341     17.21%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite               2251015     14.45%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::total                 15575071                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         362.880712                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.total_refs           4938153                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          173952                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.avg_refs           28.388021                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.data   362.880712                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.708751                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.708751                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          321                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          321                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.626953                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        10050258                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.data_accesses       10050258                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu04.data      2467582                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2467582                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu04.data      2153277                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      2153277                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu04.data        33794                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        33794                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu04.data         2144                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         2144                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu04.data        50564                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        50564                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu04.data        46204                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        46204                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::cpu04.data      4623003                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total        4623003                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::cpu04.data      4656797                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total       4656797                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu04.data       128375                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       128375                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu04.data        33495                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        33495                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu04.data         5789                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         5789                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu04.data        10531                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        10531                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu04.data         1053                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1053                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu04.data         5345                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         5345                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::cpu04.data       172401                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total       172401                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::cpu04.data       178190                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total       178190                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu04.data      2595957                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2595957                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu04.data      2186772                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      2186772                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu04.data        39583                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        39583                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu04.data        12675                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        12675                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu04.data        51617                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        51617                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu04.data        51549                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        51549                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu04.data      4795404                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4795404                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu04.data      4834987                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4834987                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.049452                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.049452                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.015317                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.015317                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.146250                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.146250                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.830848                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.830848                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.020400                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.020400                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.103688                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.103688                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.035951                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.035951                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.036854                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.036854                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        76775                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total           76775                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements               166876                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.icache.tags.tagsinuse         510.842918                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.tags.total_refs          12978071                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.tags.sampled_refs          452868                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.tags.avg_refs           28.657514                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst   510.842918                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.997740                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997740                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu04.icache.tags.tag_accesses        26409010                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu04.icache.tags.data_accesses       26409010                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu04.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu04.inst     12525203                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12525203                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::cpu04.inst     12525203                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total       12525203                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::cpu04.inst     12525203                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total      12525203                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu04.inst       452868                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       452868                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::cpu04.inst       452868                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total       452868                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::cpu04.inst       452868                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total       452868                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu04.inst     12978071                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12978071                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::cpu04.inst     12978071                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total     12978071                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::cpu04.inst     12978071                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total     12978071                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu04.inst     0.034895                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.034895                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu04.inst     0.034895                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.034895                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu04.inst     0.034895                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.034895                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.writebacks::writebacks       452356                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.icache.writebacks::total          452356                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.icache.replacements               452356                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walks                    1521                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walksLong                1521                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples         1521                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0          1521    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total         1521                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples   1776324892                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walksPending::0    1776324892    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walksPending::total   1776324892                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K         1344     97.96%     97.96% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           26      1.90%     99.85% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G            2      0.15%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total         1372                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data         1521                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total         1521                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data         1372                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total         1372                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total         2893                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                     747217                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                     1319                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                    549278                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                     202                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              1814                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    19                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                    156                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                   55                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                      82                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                 748536                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                549480                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                         1296495                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                          1521                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                     1298016                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walks                    3363                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walksLong                3363                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples         3363                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0          3363    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total         3363                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walksPending::samples   1776319892                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walksPending::0    1776319892    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walksPending::total   1776319892                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K         3286     99.46%     99.46% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           18      0.54%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total         3304                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst         3363                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total         3363                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst         3304                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total         3304                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total         6667                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                    3338250                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                     3363                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              1814                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    19                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                     61                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                3341613                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                         3338250                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                          3363                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                     3341613                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numPwrStateTransitions               153                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples           77                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   22785253326802.351562                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  37500112454211.242188                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows           26     33.77%     33.77% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           29     37.66%     71.43% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows           22     28.57%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 85332409497692                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::total            77                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  181513357758719                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 1754464506163781                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.numCycles                   17331120378210                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu05.kern.inst.quiesce                     77                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                   3341138                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                     3968045                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.committedUserInsts                496169                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses             3690084                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_vec_alu_accesses                5203                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                    207952                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts       486254                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                    3690084                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_vec_insts                       5203                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads           5124398                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes          2955435                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_vec_register_reads              5428                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu05.num_vec_register_writes             2837                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu05.num_cc_register_reads             839226                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu05.num_cc_register_writes            833538                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                     1295170                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                    745753                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                   549417                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles             17331102614976.208984                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles             17763233.791806                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction               0.000001                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                   0.999999                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.Branches                          723550                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu05.op_class::No_OpClass                 106      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IntAlu                 2664671     67.15%     67.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IntMult                   6050      0.15%     67.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IntDiv                     715      0.02%     67.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     67.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     67.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     67.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     67.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     67.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     67.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     67.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     67.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAdd                    324      0.01%     67.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     67.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAlu                    677      0.02%     67.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdCmp                    424      0.01%     67.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     67.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdMisc                   324      0.01%     67.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     67.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     67.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     67.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     67.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     67.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     67.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     67.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     67.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     67.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     67.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     67.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     67.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     67.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     67.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                 745753     18.79%     86.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite                549417     13.84%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::total                  3968461                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         372.253013                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.total_refs           1297569                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           47757                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.avg_refs           27.170237                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6928634428297500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu05.data   372.253013                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.727057                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.727057                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          412                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          412                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.804688                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         2642895                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.data_accesses        2642895                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu05.data       674833                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        674833                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu05.data       514682                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       514682                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu05.data        18365                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        18365                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu05.data          366                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total          366                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu05.data        19878                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19878                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu05.data        18084                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        18084                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::cpu05.data      1189881                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total        1189881                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::cpu05.data      1208246                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total       1208246                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu05.data        34013                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        34013                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu05.data        11068                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        11068                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu05.data         1062                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         1062                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu05.data         3167                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total         3167                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu05.data          139                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          139                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu05.data         1912                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         1912                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::cpu05.data        48248                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total        48248                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::cpu05.data        49310                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total        49310                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu05.data       708846                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       708846                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu05.data       525750                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       525750                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu05.data        19427                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        19427                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu05.data         3533                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total         3533                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu05.data        20017                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        20017                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu05.data        19996                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        19996                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu05.data      1238129                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1238129                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu05.data      1257556                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1257556                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.047984                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.047984                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.021052                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.021052                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.054666                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.054666                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.896405                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.896405                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.006944                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.006944                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.095619                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.095619                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.038968                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.038968                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.039211                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.039211                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        27822                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total           27822                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                45938                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.icache.tags.tagsinuse         463.996436                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.tags.total_refs           3341554                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.tags.sampled_refs           43564                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.tags.avg_refs           76.704481                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6928634428292500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   463.996436                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.906243                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.906243                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu05.icache.tags.tag_accesses         6726672                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu05.icache.tags.data_accesses        6726672                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu05.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu05.inst      3297990                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       3297990                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::cpu05.inst      3297990                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total        3297990                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::cpu05.inst      3297990                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total       3297990                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu05.inst        43564                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        43564                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::cpu05.inst        43564                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total        43564                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::cpu05.inst        43564                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total        43564                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu05.inst      3341554                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3341554                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::cpu05.inst      3341554                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total      3341554                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::cpu05.inst      3341554                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total      3341554                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu05.inst     0.013037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.013037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu05.inst     0.013037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.013037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu05.inst     0.013037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.013037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.writebacks::writebacks        43052                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.icache.writebacks::total           43052                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                43052                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walks                     376                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walksLong                 376                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples          376                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0           376    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total          376                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples    -44014016                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walksPending::0     -44014016    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walksPending::total    -44014016                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K          342     99.13%     99.13% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M            3      0.87%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total          345                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data          376                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total          376                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data          345                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total          345                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total          721                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                     338156                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                      315                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                    282359                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                      61                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              1814                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    19                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                     14                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                   13                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       8                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                 338471                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                282420                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                          620515                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                           376                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                      620891                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walks                    2233                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walksLong                2233                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples         2233                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0          2233    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total         2233                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walksPending::samples    -93645016                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walksPending::0     -93645016    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walksPending::total    -93645016                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K         2215     99.86%     99.86% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M            3      0.14%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total         2218                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst         2233                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total         2233                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst         2218                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total         2218                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total         4451                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                    1692157                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                     2233                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              1814                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    19                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                1694390                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                         1692157                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                          2233                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                     1694390                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numPwrStateTransitions               139                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples           70                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   27656812503029.457031                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  42954505732229.117188                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows           19     27.14%     27.14% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           29     41.43%     68.57% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows           22     31.43%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 181500910927000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::total            70                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON     988710438                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 1935976875212062                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.numCycles                   17270721032013                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu06.kern.inst.quiesce                     70                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                   1694218                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                     1977258                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.committedUserInsts                611449                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses             1796010                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_vec_alu_accesses                2873                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                     88998                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts       274373                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                    1796010                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_vec_insts                       2873                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads           2524887                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes          1437710                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_vec_register_reads              2934                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu06.num_vec_register_writes             1361                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu06.num_cc_register_reads             518661                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu06.num_cc_register_writes            518859                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                      619816                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                    337458                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                   282358                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles             17270712211886.609375                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles             8820126.390459                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction               0.000001                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                   0.999999                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.Branches                          383432                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu06.op_class::No_OpClass                  60      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IntAlu                 1352511     68.40%     68.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IntMult                   3879      0.20%     68.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IntDiv                     322      0.02%     68.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     68.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     68.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     68.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     68.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     68.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     68.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     68.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     68.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAdd                    139      0.01%     68.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     68.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAlu                    272      0.01%     68.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdCmp                    240      0.01%     68.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     68.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdMisc                   176      0.01%     68.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     68.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     68.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     68.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     68.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     68.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     68.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     68.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     68.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     68.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     68.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     68.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     68.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     68.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     68.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                 337458     17.07%     85.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite                282358     14.28%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::total                  1977415                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         349.849400                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.total_refs            620695                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           15697                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.avg_refs           39.542269                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.data   349.849400                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.683300                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.683300                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          377                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          377                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.736328                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         1257087                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.data_accesses        1257087                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu06.data       313742                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        313742                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu06.data       269339                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       269339                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu06.data         5052                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total         5052                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu06.data          146                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total          146                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu06.data         8076                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8076                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu06.data         7537                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7537                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::cpu06.data       583227                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total         583227                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::cpu06.data       588279                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total        588279                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu06.data        11062                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        11062                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu06.data         3047                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3047                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu06.data          335                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total          335                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu06.data         1698                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total         1698                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu06.data           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu06.data          579                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          579                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::cpu06.data        15807                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total        15807                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::cpu06.data        16142                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total        16142                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu06.data       324804                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       324804                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu06.data       272386                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       272386                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu06.data         5387                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total         5387                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu06.data         1844                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total         1844                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu06.data         8158                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8158                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu06.data         8116                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8116                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu06.data       599034                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total       599034                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu06.data       604421                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total       604421                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.034057                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.034057                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.011186                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.011186                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.062187                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.062187                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.920824                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.920824                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.010051                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.010051                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.071341                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.071341                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.026387                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.026387                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.026707                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.026707                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7835                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total            7835                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                14284                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.icache.tags.tagsinuse         481.999497                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.tags.total_refs           1694375                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.tags.sampled_refs           23508                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.tags.avg_refs           72.076527                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst   481.999497                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.941405                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.941405                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu06.icache.tags.tag_accesses         3412258                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu06.icache.tags.data_accesses        3412258                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu06.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu06.inst      1670867                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1670867                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::cpu06.inst      1670867                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total        1670867                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::cpu06.inst      1670867                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total       1670867                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu06.inst        23508                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        23508                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::cpu06.inst        23508                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total        23508                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::cpu06.inst        23508                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total        23508                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu06.inst      1694375                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1694375                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::cpu06.inst      1694375                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total      1694375                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::cpu06.inst      1694375                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total      1694375                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu06.inst     0.013874                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.013874                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu06.inst     0.013874                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.013874                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu06.inst     0.013874                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.013874                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.writebacks::writebacks        22996                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.icache.writebacks::total           22996                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                22996                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walks                     733                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walksLong                 733                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples          733                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0           733    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total          733                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples  -2134617312                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walksPending::0   -2134617312    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walksPending::total  -2134617312                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K          631     98.59%     98.59% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M            8      1.25%     99.84% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G            1      0.16%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total          640                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data          733                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total          733                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data          640                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total          640                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total         1373                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                     604747                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                      602                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                    478810                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                     131                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              1814                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    19                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                    179                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                   23                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                      57                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                 605349                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                478941                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                         1083557                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                           733                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                     1084290                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walks                    3145                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walksLong                3145                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples         3145                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0          3145    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total         3145                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walksPending::samples     15775648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walksPending::0      15775648    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walksPending::total     15775648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K         3095     99.71%     99.71% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M            9      0.29%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total         3104                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst         3145                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total         3145                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst         3104                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total         3104                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total         6249                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                    2814709                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                     3145                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              1814                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    19                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                    125                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                2817854                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                         2814709                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                          3145                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                     2817854                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numPwrStateTransitions               207                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          104                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   18615155745867.433594                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  30849523558034.320312                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows           29     27.88%     27.88% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           42     40.38%     68.27% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows           33     31.73%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          501                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 85332409838192                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           104                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    1666352287                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 1935976197570213                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.numCycles                   17221484132927                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu07.kern.inst.quiesce                    104                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                   2817488                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                     3332368                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.committedUserInsts                670729                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses             3070528                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_vec_alu_accesses                3366                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                    177593                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts       422849                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                    3070528                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_vec_insts                       3366                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads           4268285                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes          2459686                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_vec_register_reads              3362                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu07.num_vec_register_writes             1622                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu07.num_cc_register_reads             760650                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu07.num_cc_register_writes            759636                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                     1081996                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                    603127                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                   478869                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles             17221469309985.173828                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles             14822941.827162                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction               0.000001                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                   0.999999                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.Branches                          630813                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu07.op_class::No_OpClass                  67      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IntAlu                 2243588     67.32%     67.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IntMult                   5310      0.16%     67.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IntDiv                     793      0.02%     67.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     67.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     67.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     67.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     67.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     67.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     67.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     67.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     67.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAdd                    160      0.00%     67.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     67.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAlu                    314      0.01%     67.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdCmp                    268      0.01%     67.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     67.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdMisc                   197      0.01%     67.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     67.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     67.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     67.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     67.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     67.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     67.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     67.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     67.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     67.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     67.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     67.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     67.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     67.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     67.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                 603127     18.10%     85.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite                478869     14.37%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::total                  3332693                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         396.114238                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.total_refs           1083945                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           32509                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.avg_refs           33.342920                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   396.114238                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.773661                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.773661                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          417                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          417                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.814453                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         2200399                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.data_accesses        2200399                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu07.data       554226                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        554226                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu07.data       453213                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       453213                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu07.data        11856                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        11856                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu07.data          142                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total          142                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu07.data        15255                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        15255                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu07.data        13857                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        13857                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::cpu07.data      1007581                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total        1007581                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::cpu07.data      1019437                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total       1019437                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu07.data        23021                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        23021                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu07.data         7856                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         7856                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu07.data          703                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total          703                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu07.data         2296                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total         2296                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu07.data           86                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           86                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu07.data         1434                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         1434                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::cpu07.data        33173                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total        33173                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::cpu07.data        33876                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total        33876                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu07.data       577247                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       577247                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu07.data       461069                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       461069                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu07.data        12559                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        12559                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu07.data         2438                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total         2438                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu07.data        15341                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        15341                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu07.data        15291                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15291                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu07.data      1040754                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1040754                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu07.data      1053313                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1053313                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.039881                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.039881                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.017039                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.017039                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.055976                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.055976                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.941756                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.941756                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.005606                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.005606                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.093781                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.093781                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.031874                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.031874                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.032161                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.032161                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        17094                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total           17094                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                30262                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.icache.tags.tagsinuse         500.876881                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.tags.total_refs           2817813                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.tags.sampled_refs           38339                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.tags.avg_refs           73.497300                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst   500.876881                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.978275                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.978275                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu07.icache.tags.tag_accesses         5673965                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu07.icache.tags.data_accesses        5673965                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu07.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu07.inst      2779474                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       2779474                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::cpu07.inst      2779474                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total        2779474                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::cpu07.inst      2779474                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total       2779474                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu07.inst        38339                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        38339                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::cpu07.inst        38339                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total        38339                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::cpu07.inst        38339                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total        38339                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu07.inst      2817813                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2817813                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::cpu07.inst      2817813                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total      2817813                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::cpu07.inst      2817813                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total      2817813                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu07.inst     0.013606                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.013606                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu07.inst     0.013606                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.013606                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu07.inst     0.013606                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.013606                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.writebacks::writebacks        37827                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.icache.writebacks::total           37827                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                37827                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walks                     891                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walksLong                 891                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples          891                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0           891    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total          891                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples    715709188                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walksPending::0     715709188    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walksPending::total    715709188                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K          752     98.82%     98.82% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M            9      1.18%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total          761                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data          891                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total          891                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data          761                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total          761                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total         1652                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                     562197                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                      757                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                    404051                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                     134                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              1814                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    19                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                     52                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                   19                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                      31                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                 562954                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                404185                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                          966248                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                           891                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                      967139                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walks                    2945                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walksLong                2945                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples         2945                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0          2945    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total         2945                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walksPending::samples    671877688                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walksPending::0     671877688    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walksPending::total    671877688                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K         2881     99.62%     99.62% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           11      0.38%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total         2892                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst         2945                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total         2945                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst         2892                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total         2892                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total         5837                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                    2532986                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                     2945                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              1814                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    19                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                2535931                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                         2532986                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                          2945                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                     2535931                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numPwrStateTransitions                95                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples           48                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   40332841254504.437500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  249626183242215.718750                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows           17     35.42%     35.42% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           28     58.33%     93.75% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows            3      6.25%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          501                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 1724224973645000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::total            48                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    1483706287                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 1935976380216213                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.numCycles                   13917751890165                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu08.kern.inst.quiesce                     48                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                   2535538                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                     2967017                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.committedUserInsts                530237                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses             2746347                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_vec_alu_accesses                3293                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                    140204                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts       384219                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                    2746347                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_vec_insts                       3293                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads           3806299                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes          2203297                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_vec_register_reads              3305                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu08.num_vec_register_writes             1862                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu08.num_cc_register_reads             683535                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu08.num_cc_register_writes            674760                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                      964747                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                    560611                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                   404136                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles             13917741223867.007812                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles             10666297.992161                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction               0.000001                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                   0.999999                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.Branches                          548741                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu08.op_class::No_OpClass                  65      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IntAlu                 1994061     67.20%     67.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IntMult                   6774      0.23%     67.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IntDiv                     630      0.02%     67.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     67.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     67.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     67.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     67.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     67.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     67.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     67.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     67.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAdd                    205      0.01%     67.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     67.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAlu                    407      0.01%     67.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdCmp                    260      0.01%     67.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     67.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdMisc                   208      0.01%     67.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     67.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     67.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     67.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     67.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     67.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     67.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     67.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     67.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     67.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     67.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     67.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     67.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     67.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     67.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                 560611     18.89%     86.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite                404136     13.62%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::total                  2967357                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         358.950051                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.total_refs            966874                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           34201                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.avg_refs           28.270343                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.data   358.950051                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.701074                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.701074                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          388                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          388                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.757812                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         1967949                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.data_accesses        1967949                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu08.data       503707                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        503707                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu08.data       377030                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       377030                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu08.data        15033                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        15033                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu08.data          412                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total          412                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu08.data        17691                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17691                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu08.data        16508                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16508                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::cpu08.data       881149                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total         881149                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::cpu08.data       896182                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total        896182                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu08.data        25524                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        25524                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu08.data         6105                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         6105                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu08.data          721                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total          721                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu08.data         2765                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total         2765                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu08.data          115                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          115                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu08.data         1263                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         1263                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::cpu08.data        34394                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total        34394                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::cpu08.data        35115                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total        35115                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu08.data       529231                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       529231                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu08.data       383135                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       383135                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu08.data        15754                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        15754                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu08.data         3177                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total         3177                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu08.data        17806                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17806                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu08.data        17771                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17771                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu08.data       915543                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total       915543                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu08.data       931297                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total       931297                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.048228                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.048228                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.015934                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.015934                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.045766                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.045766                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.870318                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.870318                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.006458                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.006458                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.071071                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.071071                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.037567                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.037567                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.037705                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.037705                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        18741                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total           18741                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                32957                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.icache.tags.tagsinuse         481.998658                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.tags.total_refs           2535878                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.tags.sampled_refs           31588                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.tags.avg_refs           80.279790                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst   481.998658                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.941404                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.941404                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu08.icache.tags.tag_accesses         5103344                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu08.icache.tags.data_accesses        5103344                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu08.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu08.inst      2504290                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       2504290                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::cpu08.inst      2504290                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total        2504290                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::cpu08.inst      2504290                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total       2504290                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu08.inst        31588                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        31588                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::cpu08.inst        31588                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total        31588                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::cpu08.inst        31588                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total        31588                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu08.inst      2535878                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2535878                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::cpu08.inst      2535878                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total      2535878                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::cpu08.inst      2535878                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total      2535878                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu08.inst     0.012456                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.012456                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu08.inst     0.012456                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012456                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu08.inst     0.012456                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012456                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.writebacks::writebacks        31076                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.icache.writebacks::total           31076                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                31076                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walks                     387                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walksLong                 387                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples          387                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0           387    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total          387                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples  -1815384608                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walksPending::0   -1815384608    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walksPending::total  -1815384608                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K          319     99.38%     99.38% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M            2      0.62%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total          321                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data          387                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total          387                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data          321                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total          321                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total          708                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                     215968                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                      308                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                    198042                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                      79                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              1814                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    19                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                    106                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    9                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                      50                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                 216276                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                198121                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                          414010                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                           387                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                      414397                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walks                     756                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walksLong                 756                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples          756                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0           756    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total          756                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walksPending::samples  -1858939608                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walksPending::0   -1858939608    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walksPending::total  -1858939608                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K          723     99.04%     99.04% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M            7      0.96%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total          730                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst          756                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total          756                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst          730                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total          730                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total         1486                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                    1037197                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                      756                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              1814                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    19                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                     60                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                1037953                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                         1037197                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                           756                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                     1037953                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numPwrStateTransitions                59                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples           30                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   64532574959452.132812                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  315238071339706.875000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows           12     40.00%     40.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           15     50.00%     90.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows            3     10.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          501                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 1724224973165500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::total            30                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON     615138936                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 1935977248783564                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.numCycles                   13917751891106                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu09.kern.inst.quiesce                     30                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                   1037754                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                     1230072                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.committedUserInsts                 98513                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses             1145551                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_vec_alu_accesses                 651                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                     57874                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts       142971                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                    1145551                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_vec_insts                        651                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads           1605384                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes           909275                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_vec_register_reads               612                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu09.num_vec_register_writes              291                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu09.num_cc_register_reads             256356                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu09.num_cc_register_writes            255345                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                      413402                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                    215301                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                   198101                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles             13917747468941.845703                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles             4422164.153748                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction               0.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                   1.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.Branches                          209592                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu09.op_class::No_OpClass                   9      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IntAlu                  815489     66.29%     66.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IntMult                    989      0.08%     66.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IntDiv                     212      0.02%     66.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     66.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     66.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     66.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     66.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     66.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     66.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     66.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     66.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAdd                     27      0.00%     66.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     66.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAlu                     54      0.00%     66.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdCmp                     36      0.00%     66.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     66.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdMisc                    27      0.00%     66.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     66.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     66.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     66.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     66.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     66.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     66.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     66.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     66.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     66.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     66.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     66.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     66.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     66.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     66.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                 215301     17.50%     83.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite                198101     16.10%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::total                  1230245                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         357.062011                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.total_refs            414233                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           15605                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.avg_refs           26.544889                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.data   357.062011                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.697387                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.697387                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          387                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          387                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.755859                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          844071                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.data_accesses         844071                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu09.data       191421                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        191421                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu09.data       185522                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       185522                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu09.data         6703                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total         6703                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu09.data            2                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total            2                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu09.data         7195                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7195                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu09.data         6168                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         6168                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::cpu09.data       376945                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total         376945                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::cpu09.data       383648                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total        383648                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu09.data        10505                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        10505                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu09.data         4652                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         4652                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu09.data          325                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total          325                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu09.data          656                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total          656                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu09.data           37                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           37                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu09.data         1047                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         1047                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::cpu09.data        15813                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total        15813                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::cpu09.data        16138                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total        16138                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu09.data       201926                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       201926                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu09.data       190174                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       190174                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu09.data         7028                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total         7028                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu09.data          658                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total          658                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu09.data         7232                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7232                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu09.data         7215                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7215                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu09.data       392758                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total       392758                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu09.data       399786                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total       399786                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.052024                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.052024                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.024462                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.024462                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.046244                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.046244                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.996960                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.996960                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.005116                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.005116                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.145114                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.145114                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.040261                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.040261                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.040367                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.040367                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9170                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total            9170                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                14703                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.icache.tags.tagsinuse         481.998367                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.tags.total_refs           1037927                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.tags.sampled_refs            8889                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.tags.avg_refs          116.765328                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst   481.998367                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.941403                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.941403                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu09.icache.tags.tag_accesses         2084743                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu09.icache.tags.data_accesses        2084743                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu09.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu09.inst      1029038                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1029038                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::cpu09.inst      1029038                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total        1029038                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::cpu09.inst      1029038                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total       1029038                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu09.inst         8889                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         8889                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::cpu09.inst         8889                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total         8889                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::cpu09.inst         8889                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total         8889                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu09.inst      1037927                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1037927                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::cpu09.inst      1037927                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total      1037927                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::cpu09.inst      1037927                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total      1037927                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu09.inst     0.008564                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008564                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu09.inst     0.008564                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008564                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu09.inst     0.008564                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008564                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.writebacks::writebacks         8377                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.icache.writebacks::total            8377                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                 8377                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              1814                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    19                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walks                       0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              1814                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    19                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  1935977863922500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu10.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.committedUserInsts                     0                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu10.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.icache.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu10.icache.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu10.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walks                     575                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walksLong                 575                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples          575                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0           575    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total          575                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples  -1521236108                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walksPending::0   -1521236108    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walksPending::total  -1521236108                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K          504     99.21%     99.21% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M            4      0.79%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total          508                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data          575                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total          575                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data          508                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total          508                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total         1083                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                     515096                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                      450                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                    373470                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                     125                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              1814                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    19                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                    160                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                   20                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                      41                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                 515546                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                373595                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                          888566                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                           575                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                      889141                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walks                    2080                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walksLong                2080                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples         2080                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0          2080    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total         2080                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walksPending::samples  -1521866108                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walksPending::0   -1521866108    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walksPending::total  -1521866108                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K         2036     99.17%     99.17% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           17      0.83%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total         2053                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst         2080                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total         2080                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst         2053                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total         2053                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total         4133                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                    2268709                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                     2080                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              1814                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    19                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                    124                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                2270789                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                         2268709                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                          2080                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                     2270789                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numPwrStateTransitions               149                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples           75                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   23392913711953.906250                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  202580633495341.500000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows           35     46.67%     46.67% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           39     52.00%     98.67% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows            1      1.33%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          501                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 1754400666197000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::total            75                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  181509335525957                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 1754468528396543                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.numCycles                   13857400505088                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu11.kern.inst.quiesce                     75                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                   2270564                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                     2619476                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.committedUserInsts                983731                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses             2416376                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_vec_alu_accesses                5532                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                    114542                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts       336519                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                    2416376                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_vec_insts                       5532                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads           3239826                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes          1909230                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_vec_register_reads              7504                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu11.num_vec_register_writes             4484                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu11.num_cc_register_reads             586059                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu11.num_cc_register_writes            568923                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                      887958                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                    514393                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                   373565                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles             13857391129515.580078                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles             9375572.419634                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction               0.000001                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                   0.999999                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.Branches                          482585                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu11.op_class::No_OpClass                 223      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IntAlu                 1722385     65.75%     65.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IntMult                   4878      0.19%     65.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IntDiv                     520      0.02%     65.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     65.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     65.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     65.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     65.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     65.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     65.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     65.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     65.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAdd                    692      0.03%     65.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     65.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAlu                   1421      0.05%     66.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdCmp                    892      0.03%     66.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     66.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdMisc                   705      0.03%     66.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     66.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     66.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     66.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     66.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     66.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     66.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     66.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     66.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     66.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     66.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     66.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     66.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     66.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     66.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                 514393     19.64%     85.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite                373565     14.26%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::total                  2619674                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         326.009433                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.total_refs            888949                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           22559                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.avg_refs           39.405514                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6928631080477500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   326.009433                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.636737                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.636737                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          359                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          359                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.701172                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         1800457                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.data_accesses        1800457                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu11.data       481426                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        481426                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu11.data       356056                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       356056                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu11.data         8307                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total         8307                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu11.data          115                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total          115                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu11.data         9827                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         9827                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu11.data         8710                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8710                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::cpu11.data       837597                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total         837597                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::cpu11.data       845904                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total        845904                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu11.data        15202                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        15202                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu11.data         4509                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         4509                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu11.data          592                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total          592                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu11.data         2944                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total         2944                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu11.data           97                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           97                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu11.data         1164                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         1164                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::cpu11.data        22655                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total        22655                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::cpu11.data        23247                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total        23247                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu11.data       496628                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       496628                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu11.data       360565                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       360565                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu11.data         8899                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total         8899                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu11.data         3059                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total         3059                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu11.data         9924                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         9924                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu11.data         9874                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         9874                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu11.data       860252                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total       860252                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu11.data       869151                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total       869151                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.030610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.030610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.012505                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.012505                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.066524                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.066524                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.962406                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.962406                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.009774                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.009774                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.117885                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.117885                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.026335                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.026335                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.026747                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.026747                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        13035                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total           13035                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                21306                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.icache.tags.tagsinuse         463.997311                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.tags.total_refs           2270762                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.tags.sampled_refs           22944                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.tags.avg_refs           98.969752                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6928631080472500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   463.997311                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.906245                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.906245                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu11.icache.tags.tag_accesses         4564468                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu11.icache.tags.data_accesses        4564468                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu11.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu11.inst      2247818                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       2247818                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::cpu11.inst      2247818                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total        2247818                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::cpu11.inst      2247818                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total       2247818                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu11.inst        22944                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        22944                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::cpu11.inst        22944                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total        22944                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::cpu11.inst        22944                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total        22944                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu11.inst      2270762                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2270762                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::cpu11.inst      2270762                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total      2270762                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::cpu11.inst      2270762                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total      2270762                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu11.inst     0.010104                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010104                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu11.inst     0.010104                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.010104                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu11.inst     0.010104                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.010104                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.writebacks::writebacks        22432                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.icache.writebacks::total           22432                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                22432                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walks                     449                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walksLong                 449                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples          449                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0           449    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total          449                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples   -948633608                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walksPending::0    -948633608    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walksPending::total   -948633608                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K          382     98.96%     98.96% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M            4      1.04%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total          386                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data          449                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total          449                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data          386                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total          386                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total          835                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                     277165                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                      358                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                    218355                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                      91                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              1814                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    19                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                     70                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                   13                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                      29                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                 277523                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                218446                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                          495520                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                           449                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                      495969                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walks                    1602                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walksLong                1602                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples         1602                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0          1602    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total         1602                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walksPending::samples   -996967108                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walksPending::0    -996967108    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walksPending::total   -996967108                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K         1560     99.36%     99.36% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           10      0.64%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total         1570                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst         1602                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total         1602                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst         1570                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total         1570                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total         3172                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                    1290380                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                     1602                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              1814                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    19                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                     54                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                1291982                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                         1290380                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                          1602                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                     1291982                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numPwrStateTransitions                87                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples           44                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   39874284328354.132812                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  259870511526829.093750                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows           18     40.91%     40.91% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           24     54.55%     95.45% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows            2      4.55%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          501                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 1724224972384500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::total            44                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  181509353474918                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 1754468510447582                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.numCycles                   13917751892682                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu12.kern.inst.quiesce                     44                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                   1291804                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                     1506466                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.committedUserInsts                159807                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses             1394727                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_vec_alu_accesses                2149                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                     72497                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts       188651                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                    1394727                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_vec_insts                       2149                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads           1967762                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes          1111327                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_vec_register_reads              2420                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu12.num_vec_register_writes             1449                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu12.num_cc_register_reads             336871                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu12.num_cc_register_writes            335772                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                      494960                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                    276533                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                   218427                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles             13917746477119.886719                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles             5415562.113547                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction               0.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                   1.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.Branches                          271914                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu12.op_class::No_OpClass                  62      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IntAlu                 1006594     66.81%     66.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IntMult                   3594      0.24%     67.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IntDiv                     420      0.03%     67.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     67.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     67.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     67.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     67.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     67.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     67.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     67.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     67.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdAdd                    190      0.01%     67.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     67.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdAlu                    358      0.02%     67.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdCmp                    248      0.02%     67.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     67.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdMisc                   186      0.01%     67.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     67.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     67.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     67.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     67.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     67.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     67.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     67.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     67.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     67.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     67.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     67.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     67.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     67.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     67.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                 276533     18.35%     85.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite                218427     14.50%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::total                  1506612                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         340.952023                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.total_refs            495806                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           19226                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.avg_refs           25.788308                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6928631654949000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.data   340.952023                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.665922                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.665922                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          376                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          376                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.734375                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         1010838                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.data_accesses        1010838                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu12.data       247083                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        247083                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu12.data       203712                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       203712                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu12.data         7938                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total         7938                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu12.data          115                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total          115                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu12.data         8538                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8538                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu12.data         7778                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7778                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::cpu12.data       450910                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total         450910                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::cpu12.data       458848                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total        458848                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu12.data        13321                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        13321                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu12.data         3876                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3876                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu12.data          457                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total          457                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu12.data         2058                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total         2058                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu12.data          102                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          102                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu12.data          828                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          828                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::cpu12.data        19255                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total        19255                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::cpu12.data        19712                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total        19712                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu12.data       260404                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       260404                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu12.data       207588                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       207588                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu12.data         8395                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total         8395                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu12.data         2173                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total         2173                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu12.data         8640                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8640                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu12.data         8606                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8606                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu12.data       470165                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total       470165                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu12.data       478560                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total       478560                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.051155                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.051155                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.018672                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.018672                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.054437                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.054437                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.947078                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.947078                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.011806                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.011806                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.096212                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.096212                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.040954                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.040954                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.041190                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.041190                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        10207                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total           10207                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                18064                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.icache.tags.tagsinuse         463.997162                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.tags.total_refs           1291950                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.tags.sampled_refs           16827                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.tags.avg_refs           76.778392                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6928631654944000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst   463.997162                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.906244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.906244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu12.icache.tags.tag_accesses         2600727                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu12.icache.tags.data_accesses        2600727                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu12.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu12.inst      1275123                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1275123                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::cpu12.inst      1275123                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total        1275123                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::cpu12.inst      1275123                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total       1275123                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu12.inst        16827                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        16827                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::cpu12.inst        16827                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total        16827                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::cpu12.inst        16827                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total        16827                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu12.inst      1291950                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1291950                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::cpu12.inst      1291950                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total      1291950                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::cpu12.inst      1291950                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total      1291950                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu12.inst     0.013024                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.013024                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu12.inst     0.013024                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.013024                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu12.inst     0.013024                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.013024                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.writebacks::writebacks        16315                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.icache.writebacks::total           16315                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                16315                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walks                   14536                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walksLong               14536                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        14536                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         14536    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        14536                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples    824199972                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walksPending::0     824199972    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walksPending::total    824199972                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        14241     98.26%     98.26% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          232      1.60%     99.86% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G           20      0.14%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        14493                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        14536                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        14536                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        14493                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        14493                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        29029                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                    1960110                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                    13832                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                   1621451                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                     704                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              1814                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    19                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                    121                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                  485                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                      54                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                1973942                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses               1622155                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                         3581561                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                         14536                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                     3596097                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walks                   28586                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walksLong               28586                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        28586                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         28586    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        28586                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walksPending::samples  -1661801528                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walksPending::0   -1661801528    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walksPending::total  -1661801528                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        28334     99.18%     99.18% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          233      0.82%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        28567                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        28586                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        28586                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        28567                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        28567                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        57153                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                    9546011                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                    28586                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              1814                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    19                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                     55                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                9574597                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                         9546011                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                         28586                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                     9574597                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numPwrStateTransitions              1036                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          518                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   3737397942860.544434                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  15072091673290.414062                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          156     30.12%     30.12% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10          320     61.78%     91.89% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::9.5e+11-1e+12            2      0.39%     92.28% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows           40      7.72%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 85332409769192                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           518                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    5729520738                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 1935972134401762                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.numCycles                   17366201837926                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu13.kern.inst.quiesce                    518                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                   9573384                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                    11458096                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.committedUserInsts               2962326                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses            10562600                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_vec_alu_accesses              186300                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                    693703                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts      1317375                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                   10562600                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_vec_insts                     186300                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads          14944202                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes          8381591                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_vec_register_reads            272937                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu13.num_vec_register_writes           167497                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu13.num_cc_register_reads            2278164                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu13.num_cc_register_writes           2209908                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                     3589718                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                   1968318                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                  1621400                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles             17366150442792.935547                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles             51395133.064405                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction               0.000003                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                   0.999997                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.Branches                         2128440                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu13.op_class::No_OpClass                8205      0.07%      0.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IntAlu                 7686835     67.08%     67.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IntMult                  22701      0.20%     67.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IntDiv                    5882      0.05%     67.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     67.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     67.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     67.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     67.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     67.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     67.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     67.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     67.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdAdd                  27411      0.24%     67.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     67.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdAlu                  58631      0.51%     68.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdCmp                  32820      0.29%     68.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     68.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdMisc                 27086      0.24%     68.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     68.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     68.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     68.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     68.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     68.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     68.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     68.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     68.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     68.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     68.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     68.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     68.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     68.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     68.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                1968318     17.18%     85.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite               1621400     14.15%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::total                 11459289                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         421.050574                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.total_refs           3595090                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          121747                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.avg_refs           29.529188                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.data   421.050574                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.822364                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.822364                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          505                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          154                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          135                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           41                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          175                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.986328                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         7311927                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.data_accesses        7311927                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu13.data      1822503                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1822503                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu13.data      1553943                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1553943                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu13.data        21305                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        21305                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu13.data         1134                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         1134                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu13.data        35094                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        35094                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu13.data        32786                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        32786                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::cpu13.data      3377580                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total        3377580                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::cpu13.data      3398885                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total       3398885                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu13.data        89342                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        89342                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu13.data        23312                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        23312                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu13.data         4043                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         4043                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu13.data         7522                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total         7522                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu13.data         1014                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1014                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu13.data         3092                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         3092                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::cpu13.data       120176                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total       120176                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::cpu13.data       124219                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total       124219                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu13.data      1911845                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1911845                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu13.data      1577255                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1577255                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu13.data        25348                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        25348                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu13.data         8656                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total         8656                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu13.data        36108                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        36108                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu13.data        35878                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        35878                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu13.data      3497756                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total      3497756                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu13.data      3523104                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total      3523104                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.046731                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.046731                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.014780                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.014780                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.159500                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.159500                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.868993                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.868993                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.028082                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.028082                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.086181                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.086181                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.034358                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.034358                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.035258                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.035258                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        53805                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total           53805                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements               116343                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.icache.tags.tagsinuse         494.884570                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.tags.total_refs           9574578                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.tags.sampled_refs          288683                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.tags.avg_refs           33.166407                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst   494.884570                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.966571                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.966571                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          430                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           55                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu13.icache.tags.tag_accesses        19437839                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu13.icache.tags.data_accesses       19437839                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu13.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu13.inst      9285895                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       9285895                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::cpu13.inst      9285895                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total        9285895                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::cpu13.inst      9285895                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total       9285895                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu13.inst       288683                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       288683                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::cpu13.inst       288683                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total       288683                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::cpu13.inst       288683                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total       288683                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu13.inst      9574578                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9574578                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::cpu13.inst      9574578                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total      9574578                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::cpu13.inst      9574578                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total      9574578                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu13.inst     0.030151                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.030151                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu13.inst     0.030151                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.030151                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu13.inst     0.030151                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.030151                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.writebacks::writebacks       288171                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.icache.writebacks::total          288171                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.icache.replacements               288171                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walks                   72834                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walksLong               72834                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        72834                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         72834    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        72834                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples     15759648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walksPending::0      15759648    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walksPending::total     15759648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        72732     99.86%     99.86% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          102      0.14%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        72834                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        72834                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        72834                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        72834                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        72834                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total       145668                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                   25511814                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                    63885                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                  22701807                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                    8949                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              1814                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    19                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                 3000                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses               25575699                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses              22710756                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                        48213621                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                         72834                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                    48286455                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walks                  447403                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walksLong              447403                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples       447403                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0        447403    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total       447403                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walksPending::samples     15759148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walksPending::0      15759148    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walksPending::total     15759148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K       446140     99.72%     99.72% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M         1263      0.28%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total       447403                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst       447403                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total       447403                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst       447403                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total       447403                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total       894806                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                  117415044                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                   447403                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              1814                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    19                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses              117862447                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                       117415044                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                        447403                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                   117862447                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numPwrStateTransitions             18826                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         9413                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   205663134195.761597                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  2484303496065.548828                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows         8991     95.52%     95.52% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10          358      3.80%     99.32% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows           64      0.68%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 30235161848096                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::total          9413                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   70781737796                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 1935907082184704                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.numCycles                   17366201846821                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu14.kern.inst.quiesce                   9413                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                 117830578                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                   141531806                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.committedUserInsts              14533513                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses           132817824                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_vec_alu_accesses              281135                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                  10132863                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts     16808672                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                  132817824                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_vec_insts                     281135                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads         188927140                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes        102232648                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_vec_register_reads            297665                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu14.num_vec_register_writes           167036                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu14.num_cc_register_reads           24791787                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu14.num_cc_register_writes          24695682                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                    48202346                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                  25508835                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                 22693511                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles             17365566917158.375000                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles             634929662.624825                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction               0.000037                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                   0.999963                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.Branches                        27910455                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu14.op_class::No_OpClass                6439      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IntAlu                93116907     65.78%     65.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IntMult                 113121      0.08%     65.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IntDiv                   18372      0.01%     65.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     65.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     65.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     65.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     65.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     65.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     65.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     65.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     65.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdAdd                  19253      0.01%     65.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     65.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdAlu                  40335      0.03%     65.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdCmp                  25756      0.02%     65.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     65.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdMisc                 21146      0.01%     65.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     65.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     65.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     65.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     65.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     65.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     65.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     65.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     65.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     65.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     65.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     65.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     65.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     65.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     65.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead               25508835     18.02%     83.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite              22693511     16.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::total                141563675                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         489.107061                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.total_refs          48284426                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         1231330                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.avg_refs           39.213230                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.data   489.107061                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.955287                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.955287                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          507                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          163                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          249                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           48                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.990234                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        97800182                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.data_accesses       97800182                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu14.data     23734352                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      23734352                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu14.data     21858812                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     21858812                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu14.data       357591                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total       357591                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu14.data        16129                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total        16129                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu14.data       527287                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       527287                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu14.data       537166                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       537166                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::cpu14.data     45609293                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total       45609293                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::cpu14.data     45966884                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total      45966884                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu14.data       871349                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       871349                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu14.data       223945                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       223945                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu14.data        65037                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        65037                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu14.data        64381                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        64381                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu14.data        19171                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        19171                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu14.data         9206                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         9206                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::cpu14.data      1159675                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total      1159675                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::cpu14.data      1224712                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total      1224712                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu14.data     24605701                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     24605701                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu14.data     22082757                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     22082757                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu14.data       422628                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total       422628                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu14.data        80510                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        80510                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu14.data       546458                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       546458                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu14.data       546372                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       546372                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu14.data     46768968                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total     46768968                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu14.data     47191596                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total     47191596                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.035412                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.035412                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.010141                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.010141                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.153887                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.153887                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.799665                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.799665                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.035082                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.035082                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.016849                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.016849                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.024796                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.024796                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.025952                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.025952                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       639057                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total          639057                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements              1212719                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.icache.tags.tagsinuse         511.436074                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.tags.total_refs         117862447                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.tags.sampled_refs         4424188                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.tags.avg_refs           26.640470                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst   511.436074                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.998899                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998899                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          429                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           76                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.tag_accesses       240149082                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu14.icache.tags.data_accesses      240149082                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu14.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu14.inst    113438259                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     113438259                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::cpu14.inst    113438259                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total      113438259                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::cpu14.inst    113438259                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total     113438259                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu14.inst      4424188                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      4424188                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::cpu14.inst      4424188                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total      4424188                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::cpu14.inst      4424188                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total      4424188                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu14.inst    117862447                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    117862447                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::cpu14.inst    117862447                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total    117862447                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::cpu14.inst    117862447                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total    117862447                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu14.inst     0.037537                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.037537                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu14.inst     0.037537                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.037537                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu14.inst     0.037537                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.037537                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.writebacks::writebacks      4423676                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.icache.writebacks::total         4423676                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.icache.replacements              4423676                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walks                    9418                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walksLong                9418                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples         9418                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0          9418    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total         9418                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples   -315558908                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walksPending::0    -315558908    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walksPending::total   -315558908                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K         9251     98.23%     98.23% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          159      1.69%     99.92% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G            8      0.08%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total         9418                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data         9418                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total         9418                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data         9418                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total         9418                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        18836                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                    1057011                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                     9004                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                    911254                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                     414                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              1814                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    19                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      3                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                  314                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                1066015                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                911668                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                         1968265                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                          9418                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                     1977683                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walks                   19413                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walksLong               19413                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        19413                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         19413    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        19413                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walksPending::samples     16101648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walksPending::0      16101648    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walksPending::total     16101648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        19263     99.23%     99.23% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          150      0.77%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        19413                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        19413                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        19413                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        19413                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        19413                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        38826                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                    5152487                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                    19413                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid              1814                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    19                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                5171900                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                         5152487                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                         19413                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                     5171900                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numPwrStateTransitions               905                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          453                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   4273674929262.728516                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  16284942430677.820312                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          142     31.35%     31.35% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10          271     59.82%     91.17% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::9.5e+11-1e+12            1      0.22%     91.39% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows           39      8.61%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 85332409769192                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           453                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    3120966484                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 1935974742956016                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.numCycles                   17301731239407                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu15.kern.inst.quiesce                    453                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                   5171204                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                     6241462                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.committedUserInsts               1128008                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses             5794536                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_vec_alu_accesses               92560                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                    418261                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts       670284                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                    5794536                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_vec_insts                      92560                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads           8272694                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes          4590407                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_vec_register_reads            134216                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu15.num_vec_register_writes            81472                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu15.num_cc_register_reads            1117854                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu15.num_cc_register_writes           1086039                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                     1974593                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                   1063258                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                   911335                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles             17301703347584.835938                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles             27891822.165077                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction               0.000002                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                   0.999998                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.Branches                         1143750                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu15.op_class::No_OpClass                3964      0.06%      0.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IntAlu                 4177049     66.92%     66.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IntMult                  11789      0.19%     67.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IntDiv                    3791      0.06%     67.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     67.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     67.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     67.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     67.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     67.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     67.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     67.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     67.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdAdd                  13298      0.21%     67.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     67.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdAlu                  28446      0.46%     67.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdCmp                  15856      0.25%     68.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     68.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdMisc                 13372      0.21%     68.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     68.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     68.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     68.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     68.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     68.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     68.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     68.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     68.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     68.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     68.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     68.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     68.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     68.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     68.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead                1063258     17.03%     85.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite                911335     14.60%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::total                  6242158                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         420.253928                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.total_refs           1976952                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           68316                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.avg_refs           28.938345                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.data   420.253928                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.820808                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.820808                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          436                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          436                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.851562                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         4022220                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.data_accesses        4022220                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu15.data       985103                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        985103                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu15.data       877679                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       877679                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu15.data         9611                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total         9611                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu15.data          775                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total          775                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu15.data        16196                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        16196                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu15.data        14467                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        14467                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::cpu15.data      1863557                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total        1863557                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::cpu15.data      1873168                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total       1873168                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu15.data        51510                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        51510                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu15.data        12805                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        12805                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu15.data         2479                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         2479                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu15.data         3589                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total         3589                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu15.data          619                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          619                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu15.data         2119                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         2119                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::cpu15.data        67904                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total        67904                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::cpu15.data        70383                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total        70383                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu15.data      1036613                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1036613                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu15.data       890484                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       890484                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu15.data        12090                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        12090                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu15.data         4364                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total         4364                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu15.data        16815                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        16815                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu15.data        16586                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16586                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu15.data      1931461                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1931461                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu15.data      1943551                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1943551                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.049691                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.049691                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.014380                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.014380                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.205045                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.205045                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.822411                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.822411                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.036812                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.036812                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.127758                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.127758                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.035157                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.035157                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.036214                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.036214                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        27051                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total           27051                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                63451                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.icache.tags.tagsinuse         504.464046                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.tags.total_refs           5171900                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.tags.sampled_refs          191026                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.tags.avg_refs           27.074325                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst   504.464046                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.985281                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.985281                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu15.icache.tags.tag_accesses        10534826                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu15.icache.tags.data_accesses       10534826                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu15.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu15.inst      4980874                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       4980874                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::cpu15.inst      4980874                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total        4980874                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::cpu15.inst      4980874                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total       4980874                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu15.inst       191026                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       191026                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::cpu15.inst       191026                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total       191026                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::cpu15.inst       191026                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total       191026                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu15.inst      5171900                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      5171900                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::cpu15.inst      5171900                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total      5171900                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::cpu15.inst      5171900                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total      5171900                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu15.inst     0.036935                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.036935                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu15.inst     0.036935                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.036935                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu15.inst     0.036935                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.036935                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.writebacks::writebacks       190514                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.icache.writebacks::total          190514                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.icache.replacements               190514                       # number of replacements
system.iobus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 6459                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                6459                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               10877                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              10877                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart0.pio        19028                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pci_ide.pio         2652                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.viopci.pio          672                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total        22352                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pci_ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        12320                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pci_ide.dma::total        12320                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   34672                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart0.pio        19028                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pci_ide.pio         1479                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.viopci.pio          504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total        21011                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pci_ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side       389760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pci_ide.dma::total       389760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                   410771                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse               14.500000                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                   6160                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                 6160                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        1                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle         6928621025551501                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::pci_ide     14.500000                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::pci_ide     0.906250                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.906250                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                55440                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses               55440                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pci_ide            976                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              976                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::pci_ide         5184                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total         5184                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::pci_ide            6160                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total              6160                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::pci_ide           6160                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total             6160                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pci_ide          976                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            976                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::pci_ide         5184                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total         5184                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::pci_ide          6160                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total            6160                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::pci_ide         6160                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total           6160                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pci_ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::pci_ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pci_ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pci_ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks            5168                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                 5168                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.replacements                      6144                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l200.tags.tagsinuse               14498.676094                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.tags.total_refs                   3316233                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.tags.sampled_refs                  170603                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.tags.avg_refs                   19.438304                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.tags.warmup_cycle            6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    585.235169                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.dtb.walker   116.270826                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.itb.walker   112.059696                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst   4338.119159                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   9346.991244                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.035720                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.dtb.walker     0.007097                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.itb.walker     0.006840                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.264778                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.570495                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.tags.occ_percent::total          0.884929                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          249                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l200.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        15183                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l200.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          249                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l200.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        15183                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l200.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.015198                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l200.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.926697                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l200.tags.tag_accesses                 6818515                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l200.tags.data_accesses                6818515                       # Number of data accesses
system.l200.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::cpu00.dtb.walker       170096                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::cpu00.itb.walker       309417                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                479513                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       192473                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l200.WritebackDirty_hits::total         192473                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l200.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       978741                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l200.WritebackClean_hits::total         978741                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l200.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu00.data            13                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l200.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 13                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l200.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu00.data           79                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l200.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total               79                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::cpu00.data          58442                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total               58442                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu00.inst       945132                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l200.ReadCleanReq_hits::total           945132                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l200.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu00.data       258892                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l200.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          258892                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l200.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu00.data        19624                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l200.InvalidateReq_hits::total           19624                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::cpu00.dtb.walker       170096                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::cpu00.itb.walker       309417                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::cpu00.inst            945132                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::cpu00.data            317334                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                1741979                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::cpu00.dtb.walker       170096                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::cpu00.itb.walker       309417                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::cpu00.inst           945132                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::cpu00.data           317334                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total               1741979                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::cpu00.dtb.walker          701                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::cpu00.itb.walker          470                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total                1171                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu00.data        10015                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l200.UpgradeReq_misses::total            10015                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l200.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu00.data         9501                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l200.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           9501                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::cpu00.data        17242                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::total             17242                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu00.inst        34193                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l200.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          34193                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l200.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu00.data        83506                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l200.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         83506                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l200.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu00.data         3358                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l200.InvalidateReq_misses::total          3358                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::cpu00.dtb.walker          701                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::cpu00.itb.walker          470                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::cpu00.inst           34193                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::cpu00.data          100748                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total               136112                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::cpu00.dtb.walker          701                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::cpu00.itb.walker          470                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::cpu00.inst          34193                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::cpu00.data         100748                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total              136112                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::cpu00.dtb.walker       170797                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::cpu00.itb.walker       309887                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total            480684                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       192473                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       192473                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       978741                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.WritebackClean_accesses::total       978741                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu00.data        10028                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          10028                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu00.data         9580                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         9580                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu00.data        75684                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total           75684                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu00.inst       979325                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       979325                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu00.data       342398                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       342398                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu00.data        22982                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.InvalidateReq_accesses::total        22982                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::cpu00.dtb.walker       170797                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::cpu00.itb.walker       309887                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::cpu00.inst        979325                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::cpu00.data        418082                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total            1878091                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::cpu00.dtb.walker       170797                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::cpu00.itb.walker       309887                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::cpu00.inst       979325                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::cpu00.data       418082                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total           1878091                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu00.dtb.walker     0.004104                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu00.itb.walker     0.001517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.002436                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.998704                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l200.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.998704                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l200.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.991754                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l200.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.991754                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.227816                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.227816                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.034915                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l200.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.034915                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l200.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.243886                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l200.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.243886                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l200.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.146114                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l200.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.146114                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::cpu00.dtb.walker     0.004104                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::cpu00.itb.walker     0.001517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.034915                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.240977                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.072474                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::cpu00.dtb.walker     0.004104                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::cpu00.itb.walker     0.001517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.034915                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.240977                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.072474                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks              22322                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                   22322                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.replacements                       104237                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l201.tags.tagsinuse               12998.747401                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.tags.total_refs                   3228986                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.tags.sampled_refs                  575290                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.tags.avg_refs                    5.612797                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.tags.warmup_cycle            6747123054781500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   1462.871803                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.dtb.walker    37.378313                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.itb.walker    35.572725                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst   1515.184193                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.data   9947.740367                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.089287                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.dtb.walker     0.002281                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.itb.walker     0.002171                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.092480                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.607162                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.tags.occ_percent::total          0.793381                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           60                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l201.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        16022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l201.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           60                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l201.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        16022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l201.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.003662                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l201.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.977905                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l201.tags.tag_accesses                 7958470                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l201.tags.data_accesses                7958470                       # Number of data accesses
system.l201.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::cpu01.dtb.walker        72030                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::cpu01.itb.walker       111715                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                183745                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       811167                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l201.WritebackDirty_hits::total         811167                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l201.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       806718                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l201.WritebackClean_hits::total         806718                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l201.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu01.data          5722                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l201.UpgradeReq_hits::total               5722                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l201.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu01.data           35                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l201.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total               35                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::cpu01.data          44948                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total               44948                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu01.inst       799744                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l201.ReadCleanReq_hits::total           799744                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l201.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu01.data       348627                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l201.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          348627                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l201.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu01.data         1578                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l201.InvalidateReq_hits::total            1578                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::cpu01.dtb.walker        72030                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::cpu01.itb.walker       111715                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::cpu01.inst            799744                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::cpu01.data            393575                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                1377064                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::cpu01.dtb.walker        72030                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::cpu01.itb.walker       111715                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::cpu01.inst           799744                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::cpu01.data           393575                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total               1377064                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::cpu01.dtb.walker         1195                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::cpu01.itb.walker          372                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total                1567                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu01.data         2514                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l201.UpgradeReq_misses::total             2514                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l201.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu01.data         1530                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l201.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           1530                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::cpu01.data        42400                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::total             42400                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu01.inst        12934                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l201.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          12934                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l201.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu01.data        48956                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l201.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         48956                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l201.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu01.data       461684                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l201.InvalidateReq_misses::total        461684                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::cpu01.dtb.walker         1195                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::cpu01.itb.walker          372                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::cpu01.inst           12934                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::cpu01.data           91356                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total               105857                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::cpu01.dtb.walker         1195                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::cpu01.itb.walker          372                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::cpu01.inst          12934                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::cpu01.data          91356                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total              105857                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::cpu01.dtb.walker        73225                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::cpu01.itb.walker       112087                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total            185312                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       811167                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       811167                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       806718                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.WritebackClean_accesses::total       806718                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu01.data         8236                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           8236                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu01.data         1565                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         1565                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu01.data        87348                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total           87348                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu01.inst       812678                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       812678                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu01.data       397583                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       397583                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu01.data       463262                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.InvalidateReq_accesses::total       463262                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::cpu01.dtb.walker        73225                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::cpu01.itb.walker       112087                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::cpu01.inst        812678                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::cpu01.data        484931                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total            1482921                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::cpu01.dtb.walker        73225                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::cpu01.itb.walker       112087                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::cpu01.inst       812678                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::cpu01.data       484931                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total           1482921                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu01.dtb.walker     0.016320                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu01.itb.walker     0.003319                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.008456                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.305245                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l201.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.305245                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l201.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.977636                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l201.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.977636                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.485415                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.485415                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu01.inst     0.015915                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l201.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.015915                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l201.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.123134                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l201.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.123134                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l201.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.996594                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l201.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.996594                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::cpu01.dtb.walker     0.016320                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::cpu01.itb.walker     0.003319                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::cpu01.inst     0.015915                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.188390                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.071384                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::cpu01.dtb.walker     0.016320                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::cpu01.itb.walker     0.003319                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::cpu01.inst     0.015915                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.188390                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.071384                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks             516120                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                  516120                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.replacements                       553475                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l202.tags.tagsinuse               12467.354938                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.tags.total_refs                    381361                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.tags.sampled_refs                   43222                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.tags.avg_refs                    8.823308                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.tags.warmup_cycle            6928620862343000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   1563.606704                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.dtb.walker    44.343102                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.itb.walker    55.281229                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   5061.133323                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.data   5742.990580                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.095435                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.dtb.walker     0.002706                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.itb.walker     0.003374                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.308907                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.350524                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.tags.occ_percent::total          0.760947                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          110                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l202.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        13637                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l202.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          110                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l202.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        13637                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l202.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.006714                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l202.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.832336                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l202.tags.tag_accesses                  814792                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l202.tags.data_accesses                 814792                       # Number of data accesses
system.l202.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::cpu02.dtb.walker         9156                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::cpu02.itb.walker        29097                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                 38253                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        38532                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l202.WritebackDirty_hits::total          38532                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l202.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       103259                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l202.WritebackClean_hits::total         103259                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l202.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu02.data            54                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l202.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 54                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l202.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu02.data           56                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l202.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total               56                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::cpu02.data           5831                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::total                5831                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu02.inst        89898                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l202.ReadCleanReq_hits::total            89898                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l202.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu02.data        36155                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l202.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           36155                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l202.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu02.data          781                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l202.InvalidateReq_hits::total             781                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l202.demand_hits::cpu02.dtb.walker         9156                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::cpu02.itb.walker        29097                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::cpu02.inst             89898                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::cpu02.data             41986                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                 170137                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::cpu02.dtb.walker         9156                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::cpu02.itb.walker        29097                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::cpu02.inst            89898                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::cpu02.data            41986                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                170137                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::cpu02.dtb.walker          168                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::cpu02.itb.walker          126                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total                 294                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu02.data          680                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l202.UpgradeReq_misses::total              680                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l202.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu02.data          520                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l202.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total            520                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_misses::cpu02.data         5272                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_misses::total              5272                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l202.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu02.inst        13881                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l202.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          13881                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l202.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu02.data        18027                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l202.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         18027                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l202.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu02.data         4074                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l202.InvalidateReq_misses::total          4074                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::cpu02.dtb.walker          168                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::cpu02.itb.walker          126                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::cpu02.inst           13881                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::cpu02.data           23299                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                37474                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::cpu02.dtb.walker          168                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::cpu02.itb.walker          126                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::cpu02.inst          13881                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::cpu02.data          23299                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total               37474                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::cpu02.dtb.walker         9324                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::cpu02.itb.walker        29223                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total             38547                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        38532                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        38532                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       103259                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.WritebackClean_accesses::total       103259                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu02.data          734                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            734                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu02.data          576                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          576                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu02.data        11103                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total           11103                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu02.inst       103779                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       103779                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu02.data        54182                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        54182                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu02.data         4855                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.InvalidateReq_accesses::total         4855                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::cpu02.dtb.walker         9324                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::cpu02.itb.walker        29223                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::cpu02.inst        103779                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::cpu02.data         65285                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total             207611                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::cpu02.dtb.walker         9324                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::cpu02.itb.walker        29223                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::cpu02.inst       103779                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::cpu02.data        65285                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total            207611                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu02.dtb.walker     0.018018                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu02.itb.walker     0.004312                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.007627                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.926431                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l202.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.926431                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l202.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.902778                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l202.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.902778                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.474827                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.474827                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu02.inst     0.133755                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l202.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.133755                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l202.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.332712                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l202.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.332712                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l202.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.839135                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l202.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.839135                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::cpu02.dtb.walker     0.018018                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::cpu02.itb.walker     0.004312                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::cpu02.inst     0.133755                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.356881                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.180501                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::cpu02.dtb.walker     0.018018                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::cpu02.itb.walker     0.004312                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::cpu02.inst     0.133755                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.356881                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.180501                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks               7076                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                    7076                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.replacements                        25551                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l203.tags.tagsinuse               12310.918111                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.tags.total_refs                    652729                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.tags.sampled_refs                   73993                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.tags.avg_refs                    8.821497                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.tags.warmup_cycle            6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   2627.667375                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.dtb.walker    50.202222                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.itb.walker    58.922125                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst   4631.614148                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   4942.512240                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.160380                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.dtb.walker     0.003064                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.itb.walker     0.003596                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.282691                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.301667                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.tags.occ_percent::total          0.751399                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          120                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l203.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        13286                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l203.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          120                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l203.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        13286                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l203.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.007324                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l203.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.810913                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l203.tags.tag_accesses                 1403733                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l203.tags.data_accesses                1403733                       # Number of data accesses
system.l203.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::cpu03.dtb.walker        10303                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::cpu03.itb.walker        42869                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                 53172                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        74499                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l203.WritebackDirty_hits::total          74499                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l203.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       178281                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l203.WritebackClean_hits::total         178281                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l203.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu03.data            76                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l203.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 76                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l203.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu03.data          111                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l203.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total              111                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::cpu03.data          13040                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total               13040                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu03.inst       158319                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l203.ReadCleanReq_hits::total           158319                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l203.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu03.data        60739                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l203.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           60739                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l203.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu03.data         2218                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l203.InvalidateReq_hits::total            2218                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::cpu03.dtb.walker        10303                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::cpu03.itb.walker        42869                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::cpu03.inst            158319                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::cpu03.data             73779                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                 285270                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::cpu03.dtb.walker        10303                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::cpu03.itb.walker        42869                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::cpu03.inst           158319                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::cpu03.data            73779                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                285270                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::cpu03.dtb.walker          236                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::cpu03.itb.walker          240                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total                 476                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu03.data         3212                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l203.UpgradeReq_misses::total             3212                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l203.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu03.data         2361                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l203.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           2361                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_misses::cpu03.data        10848                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_misses::total             10848                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l203.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu03.inst        20479                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l203.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          20479                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l203.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu03.data        27299                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l203.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         27299                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l203.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu03.data        11647                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l203.InvalidateReq_misses::total         11647                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::cpu03.dtb.walker          236                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::cpu03.itb.walker          240                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::cpu03.inst           20479                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::cpu03.data           38147                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                59102                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::cpu03.dtb.walker          236                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::cpu03.itb.walker          240                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::cpu03.inst          20479                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::cpu03.data          38147                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total               59102                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::cpu03.dtb.walker        10539                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::cpu03.itb.walker        43109                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total             53648                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        74499                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        74499                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       178281                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.WritebackClean_accesses::total       178281                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu03.data         3288                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           3288                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu03.data         2472                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         2472                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu03.data        23888                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total           23888                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu03.inst       178798                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       178798                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu03.data        88038                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        88038                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu03.data        13865                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.InvalidateReq_accesses::total        13865                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::cpu03.dtb.walker        10539                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::cpu03.itb.walker        43109                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::cpu03.inst        178798                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::cpu03.data        111926                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total             344372                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::cpu03.dtb.walker        10539                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::cpu03.itb.walker        43109                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::cpu03.inst       178798                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::cpu03.data       111926                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total            344372                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu03.dtb.walker     0.022393                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu03.itb.walker     0.005567                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.008873                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.976886                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l203.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.976886                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l203.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.955097                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l203.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.955097                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.454119                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.454119                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu03.inst     0.114537                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l203.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.114537                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l203.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.310082                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l203.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.310082                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l203.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.840029                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l203.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.840029                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::cpu03.dtb.walker     0.022393                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::cpu03.itb.walker     0.005567                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::cpu03.inst     0.114537                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.340823                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.171623                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::cpu03.dtb.walker     0.022393                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::cpu03.itb.walker     0.005567                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::cpu03.inst     0.114537                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.340823                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.171623                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks              13401                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                   13401                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.replacements                        46992                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l204.tags.tagsinuse               11065.868748                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.tags.total_refs                   1460930                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.tags.sampled_refs                   68369                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.tags.avg_refs                   21.368310                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.tags.warmup_cycle            6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    381.379227                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.dtb.walker   133.410355                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.itb.walker   121.217399                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst   5145.531474                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.data   5284.330292                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.023278                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.dtb.walker     0.008143                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.itb.walker     0.007399                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.314058                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.322530                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.tags.occ_percent::total          0.675407                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          269                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l204.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        11390                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l204.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          269                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l204.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        11390                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l204.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.016418                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l204.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.695190                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l204.tags.tag_accesses                 2997631                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l204.tags.data_accesses                2997631                       # Number of data accesses
system.l204.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::cpu04.dtb.walker        70390                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::cpu04.itb.walker       136787                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                207177                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        76775                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l204.WritebackDirty_hits::total          76775                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l204.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       452353                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l204.WritebackClean_hits::total         452353                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l204.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu04.data             6                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l204.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  6                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l204.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu04.data           84                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l204.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total               84                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::cpu04.data          21471                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total               21471                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu04.inst       434719                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l204.ReadCleanReq_hits::total           434719                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l204.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu04.data       108480                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l204.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          108480                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l204.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu04.data         8652                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l204.InvalidateReq_hits::total            8652                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::cpu04.dtb.walker        70390                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::cpu04.itb.walker       136787                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::cpu04.inst            434719                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::cpu04.data            129951                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                 771847                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::cpu04.dtb.walker        70390                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::cpu04.itb.walker       136787                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::cpu04.inst           434719                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::cpu04.data           129951                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                771847                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::cpu04.dtb.walker          501                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::cpu04.itb.walker          273                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total                 774                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu04.data         5254                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l204.UpgradeReq_misses::total             5254                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l204.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu04.data         5261                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l204.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           5261                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_misses::cpu04.data         6764                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_misses::total              6764                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l204.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu04.inst        18149                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l204.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          18149                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l204.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu04.data        26737                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l204.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         26737                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l204.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu04.data         1879                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l204.InvalidateReq_misses::total          1879                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::cpu04.dtb.walker          501                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::cpu04.itb.walker          273                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::cpu04.inst           18149                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::cpu04.data           33501                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                52424                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::cpu04.dtb.walker          501                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::cpu04.itb.walker          273                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::cpu04.inst          18149                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::cpu04.data          33501                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total               52424                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::cpu04.dtb.walker        70891                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::cpu04.itb.walker       137060                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total            207951                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        76775                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        76775                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       452353                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.WritebackClean_accesses::total       452353                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu04.data         5260                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           5260                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu04.data         5345                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         5345                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu04.data        28235                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total           28235                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu04.inst       452868                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       452868                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu04.data       135217                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       135217                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu04.data        10531                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.InvalidateReq_accesses::total        10531                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::cpu04.dtb.walker        70891                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::cpu04.itb.walker       137060                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::cpu04.inst        452868                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::cpu04.data        163452                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total             824271                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::cpu04.dtb.walker        70891                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::cpu04.itb.walker       137060                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::cpu04.inst       452868                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::cpu04.data       163452                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total            824271                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu04.dtb.walker     0.007067                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu04.itb.walker     0.001992                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.003722                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.998859                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l204.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.998859                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l204.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.984284                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l204.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.984284                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.239561                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.239561                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu04.inst     0.040076                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l204.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.040076                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l204.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.197734                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l204.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.197734                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l204.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.178426                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l204.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.178426                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::cpu04.dtb.walker     0.007067                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::cpu04.itb.walker     0.001992                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::cpu04.inst     0.040076                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.204959                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.063600                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::cpu04.dtb.walker     0.007067                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::cpu04.itb.walker     0.001992                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::cpu04.inst     0.040076                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.204959                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.063600                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks               5512                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                    5512                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.replacements                        32735                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l205.tags.tagsinuse               12449.437616                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.tags.total_refs                    194155                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.tags.sampled_refs                   37582                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.tags.avg_refs                    5.166170                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.tags.warmup_cycle            6928634428292500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   1552.559563                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.tags.occ_blocks::cpu05.dtb.walker    58.812044                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.tags.occ_blocks::cpu05.itb.walker    58.124491                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.tags.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   4677.110106                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.tags.occ_blocks::cpu05.data   6102.831412                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.094761                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.tags.occ_percent::cpu05.dtb.walker     0.003590                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.tags.occ_percent::cpu05.itb.walker     0.003548                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.tags.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.285468                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.tags.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.372487                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.tags.occ_percent::total          0.759853                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          129                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l205.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        13703                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l205.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          129                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l205.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        13703                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l205.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.007874                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l205.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.836365                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l205.tags.tag_accesses                  431382                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l205.tags.data_accesses                 431382                       # Number of data accesses
system.l205.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::cpu05.dtb.walker         3292                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::cpu05.itb.walker         9348                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                 12640                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        27822                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l205.WritebackDirty_hits::total          27822                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l205.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks        43051                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l205.WritebackClean_hits::total          43051                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l205.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu05.data            19                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l205.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 19                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l205.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu05.data           90                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l205.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total               90                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::cpu05.data           3175                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total                3175                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu05.inst        33080                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l205.ReadCleanReq_hits::total            33080                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l205.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu05.data        18362                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l205.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           18362                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l205.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu05.data          516                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l205.InvalidateReq_hits::total             516                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::cpu05.dtb.walker         3292                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::cpu05.itb.walker         9348                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::cpu05.inst             33080                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::cpu05.data             21537                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                  67257                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::cpu05.dtb.walker         3292                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::cpu05.itb.walker         9348                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::cpu05.inst            33080                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::cpu05.data            21537                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                 67257                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::cpu05.dtb.walker          185                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::cpu05.itb.walker          164                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total                 349                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu05.data         1673                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l205.UpgradeReq_misses::total             1673                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l205.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu05.data         1822                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l205.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           1822                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_misses::cpu05.data         6201                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_misses::total              6201                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l205.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu05.inst        10484                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l205.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          10484                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l205.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu05.data        16852                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l205.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         16852                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l205.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu05.data         2651                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l205.InvalidateReq_misses::total          2651                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::cpu05.dtb.walker          185                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::cpu05.itb.walker          164                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::cpu05.inst           10484                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::cpu05.data           23053                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                33886                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::cpu05.dtb.walker          185                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::cpu05.itb.walker          164                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::cpu05.inst          10484                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::cpu05.data          23053                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total               33886                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::cpu05.dtb.walker         3477                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::cpu05.itb.walker         9512                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total             12989                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        27822                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        27822                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks        43051                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.WritebackClean_accesses::total        43051                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu05.data         1692                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           1692                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu05.data         1912                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         1912                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu05.data         9376                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total            9376                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu05.inst        43564                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        43564                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu05.data        35214                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        35214                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu05.data         3167                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.InvalidateReq_accesses::total         3167                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::cpu05.dtb.walker         3477                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::cpu05.itb.walker         9512                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::cpu05.inst         43564                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::cpu05.data         44590                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total             101143                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::cpu05.dtb.walker         3477                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::cpu05.itb.walker         9512                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::cpu05.inst        43564                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::cpu05.data        44590                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total            101143                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu05.dtb.walker     0.053207                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu05.itb.walker     0.017241                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.026869                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.988771                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l205.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.988771                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l205.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.952929                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l205.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.952929                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.661369                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.661369                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu05.inst     0.240657                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l205.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.240657                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l205.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.478560                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l205.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.478560                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l205.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.837070                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l205.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.837070                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::cpu05.dtb.walker     0.053207                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::cpu05.itb.walker     0.017241                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::cpu05.inst     0.240657                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.516999                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.335031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::cpu05.dtb.walker     0.053207                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::cpu05.itb.walker     0.017241                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::cpu05.inst     0.240657                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.516999                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.335031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks               4721                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                    4721                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.replacements                        17533                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l206.tags.tagsinuse                8562.522989                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.tags.total_refs                     83096                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.tags.sampled_refs                   14439                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.tags.avg_refs                    5.754969                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.tags.warmup_cycle            6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   1030.404922                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.dtb.walker    42.593576                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.itb.walker    50.749909                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst   3700.665327                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.data   3738.109255                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.062891                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.dtb.walker     0.002600                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.itb.walker     0.003098                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.225871                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.228156                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.tags.occ_percent::total          0.522615                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          103                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l206.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         9315                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l206.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          103                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l206.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         9315                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l206.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.006287                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l206.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.568542                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l206.tags.tag_accesses                  184077                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l206.tags.data_accesses                 184077                       # Number of data accesses
system.l206.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::cpu06.dtb.walker          772                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::cpu06.itb.walker         6322                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                  7094                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         7835                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l206.WritebackDirty_hits::total           7835                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l206.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks        22995                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l206.WritebackClean_hits::total          22995                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l206.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu06.data             8                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l206.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  8                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l206.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu06.data            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l206.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total                6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::cpu06.data           1317                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::total                1317                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu06.inst        18405                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l206.ReadCleanReq_hits::total            18405                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l206.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu06.data         5425                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l206.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            5425                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l206.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu06.data           51                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l206.InvalidateReq_hits::total              51                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l206.demand_hits::cpu06.dtb.walker          772                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::cpu06.itb.walker         6322                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::cpu06.inst             18405                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::cpu06.data              6742                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                  32241                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::cpu06.dtb.walker          772                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::cpu06.itb.walker         6322                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::cpu06.inst            18405                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::cpu06.data             6742                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                 32241                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::cpu06.dtb.walker           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::cpu06.itb.walker           81                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total                 138                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu06.data          519                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l206.UpgradeReq_misses::total              519                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l206.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu06.data          573                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l206.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total            573                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::cpu06.data         1203                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::total              1203                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu06.inst         5103                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l206.ReadCleanReq_misses::total           5103                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l206.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu06.data         6054                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l206.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          6054                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l206.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu06.data         1647                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l206.InvalidateReq_misses::total          1647                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::cpu06.dtb.walker           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::cpu06.itb.walker           81                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::cpu06.inst            5103                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::cpu06.data            7257                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                12498                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::cpu06.dtb.walker           57                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::cpu06.itb.walker           81                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::cpu06.inst           5103                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::cpu06.data           7257                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total               12498                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::cpu06.dtb.walker          829                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::cpu06.itb.walker         6403                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total              7232                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         7835                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         7835                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks        22995                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.WritebackClean_accesses::total        22995                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu06.data          527                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            527                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu06.data          579                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          579                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu06.data         2520                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total            2520                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu06.inst        23508                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        23508                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu06.data        11479                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        11479                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu06.data         1698                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.InvalidateReq_accesses::total         1698                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::cpu06.dtb.walker          829                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::cpu06.itb.walker         6403                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::cpu06.inst         23508                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::cpu06.data         13999                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total              44739                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::cpu06.dtb.walker          829                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::cpu06.itb.walker         6403                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::cpu06.inst        23508                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::cpu06.data        13999                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total             44739                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu06.dtb.walker     0.068758                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu06.itb.walker     0.012650                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.019082                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.984820                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l206.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.984820                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l206.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.989637                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l206.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.989637                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.477381                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.477381                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu06.inst     0.217075                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l206.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.217075                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l206.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.527398                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l206.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.527398                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l206.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.969965                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l206.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.969965                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::cpu06.dtb.walker     0.068758                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::cpu06.itb.walker     0.012650                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::cpu06.inst     0.217075                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.518394                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.279354                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::cpu06.dtb.walker     0.068758                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::cpu06.itb.walker     0.012650                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::cpu06.inst     0.217075                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.518394                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.279354                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks               1010                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                    1010                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.replacements                         3297                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l207.tags.tagsinuse                9875.442613                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.tags.total_refs                    150659                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.tags.sampled_refs                   24656                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.tags.avg_refs                    6.110440                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.tags.warmup_cycle            6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    808.384356                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.dtb.walker    51.624783                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.itb.walker    67.932790                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst   3839.988736                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   5107.511948                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.049340                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.dtb.walker     0.003151                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.itb.walker     0.004146                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.234374                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.311738                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.tags.occ_percent::total          0.602749                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          130                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l207.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        10663                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l207.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          130                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l207.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        10663                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l207.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.007935                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l207.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.650818                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l207.tags.tag_accesses                  329996                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l207.tags.data_accesses                 329996                       # Number of data accesses
system.l207.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::cpu07.dtb.walker         1695                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::cpu07.itb.walker         8949                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                 10644                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        17094                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l207.WritebackDirty_hits::total          17094                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l207.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks        37827                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l207.WritebackClean_hits::total          37827                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l207.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu07.data             9                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l207.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  9                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l207.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu07.data           53                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l207.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total               53                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::cpu07.data           3328                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total                3328                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu07.inst        31377                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l207.ReadCleanReq_hits::total            31377                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l207.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu07.data        12005                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l207.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           12005                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l207.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu07.data          374                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l207.InvalidateReq_hits::total             374                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::cpu07.dtb.walker         1695                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::cpu07.itb.walker         8949                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::cpu07.inst             31377                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::cpu07.data             15333                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                  57354                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::cpu07.dtb.walker         1695                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::cpu07.itb.walker         8949                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::cpu07.inst            31377                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::cpu07.data            15333                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                 57354                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::cpu07.dtb.walker           84                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::cpu07.itb.walker          120                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total                 204                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu07.data         1444                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l207.UpgradeReq_misses::total             1444                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l207.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu07.data         1381                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l207.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           1381                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_misses::cpu07.data         3075                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_misses::total              3075                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l207.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu07.inst         6962                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l207.ReadCleanReq_misses::total           6962                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l207.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu07.data        11805                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l207.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         11805                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l207.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu07.data         1922                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l207.InvalidateReq_misses::total          1922                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::cpu07.dtb.walker           84                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::cpu07.itb.walker          120                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::cpu07.inst            6962                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::cpu07.data           14880                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                22046                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::cpu07.dtb.walker           84                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::cpu07.itb.walker          120                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::cpu07.inst           6962                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::cpu07.data          14880                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total               22046                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::cpu07.dtb.walker         1779                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::cpu07.itb.walker         9069                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total             10848                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        17094                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        17094                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks        37827                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.WritebackClean_accesses::total        37827                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu07.data         1453                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           1453                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu07.data         1434                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         1434                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu07.data         6403                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total            6403                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu07.inst        38339                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        38339                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu07.data        23810                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        23810                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu07.data         2296                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.InvalidateReq_accesses::total         2296                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::cpu07.dtb.walker         1779                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::cpu07.itb.walker         9069                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::cpu07.inst         38339                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::cpu07.data         30213                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total              79400                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::cpu07.dtb.walker         1779                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::cpu07.itb.walker         9069                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::cpu07.inst        38339                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::cpu07.data        30213                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total             79400                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu07.dtb.walker     0.047218                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu07.itb.walker     0.013232                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.018805                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.993806                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l207.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.993806                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l207.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.963040                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l207.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.963040                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.480244                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.480244                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu07.inst     0.181591                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l207.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.181591                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l207.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.495800                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l207.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.495800                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l207.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.837108                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l207.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.837108                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::cpu07.dtb.walker     0.047218                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::cpu07.itb.walker     0.013232                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::cpu07.inst     0.181591                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.492503                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.277657                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::cpu07.dtb.walker     0.047218                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::cpu07.itb.walker     0.013232                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::cpu07.inst     0.181591                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.492503                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.277657                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks               1591                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                    1591                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.replacements                         7487                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l208.tags.tagsinuse               10087.305119                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.tags.total_refs                    139953                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.tags.sampled_refs                   23914                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.tags.avg_refs                    5.852346                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.tags.warmup_cycle            6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   1496.273416                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.dtb.walker    50.812209                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.itb.walker    68.905920                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst   3502.231121                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.data   4969.082452                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.091325                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.dtb.walker     0.003101                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.itb.walker     0.004206                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.213759                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.303289                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.tags.occ_percent::total          0.615680                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          132                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l208.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        10963                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l208.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          132                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l208.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        10963                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l208.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.008057                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l208.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.669128                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l208.tags.tag_accesses                  308524                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l208.tags.data_accesses                 308524                       # Number of data accesses
system.l208.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::cpu08.dtb.walker         1813                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::cpu08.itb.walker         8148                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                  9961                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        18741                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l208.WritebackDirty_hits::total          18741                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l208.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks        31070                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l208.WritebackClean_hits::total          31070                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l208.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu08.data            23                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l208.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 23                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l208.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu08.data           57                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l208.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total               57                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::cpu08.data           2401                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total                2401                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu08.inst        24957                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l208.ReadCleanReq_hits::total            24957                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l208.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu08.data        15186                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l208.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           15186                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l208.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu08.data          512                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l208.InvalidateReq_hits::total             512                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::cpu08.dtb.walker         1813                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::cpu08.itb.walker         8148                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::cpu08.inst             24957                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::cpu08.data             17587                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                  52505                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::cpu08.dtb.walker         1813                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::cpu08.itb.walker         8148                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::cpu08.inst            24957                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::cpu08.data            17587                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                 52505                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::cpu08.dtb.walker          121                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::cpu08.itb.walker          124                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total                 245                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu08.data         1006                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l208.UpgradeReq_misses::total             1006                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l208.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu08.data         1206                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l208.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           1206                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::cpu08.data         2675                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::total              2675                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu08.inst         6631                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l208.ReadCleanReq_misses::total           6631                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l208.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu08.data        11174                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l208.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         11174                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l208.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu08.data         2253                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l208.InvalidateReq_misses::total          2253                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::cpu08.dtb.walker          121                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::cpu08.itb.walker          124                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::cpu08.inst            6631                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::cpu08.data           13849                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                20725                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::cpu08.dtb.walker          121                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::cpu08.itb.walker          124                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::cpu08.inst           6631                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::cpu08.data          13849                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total               20725                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::cpu08.dtb.walker         1934                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::cpu08.itb.walker         8272                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total             10206                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        18741                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        18741                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks        31070                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.WritebackClean_accesses::total        31070                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu08.data         1029                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           1029                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu08.data         1263                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         1263                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu08.data         5076                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total            5076                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu08.inst        31588                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        31588                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu08.data        26360                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        26360                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu08.data         2765                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.InvalidateReq_accesses::total         2765                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::cpu08.dtb.walker         1934                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::cpu08.itb.walker         8272                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::cpu08.inst         31588                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::cpu08.data         31436                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total              73230                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::cpu08.dtb.walker         1934                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::cpu08.itb.walker         8272                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::cpu08.inst        31588                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::cpu08.data        31436                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total             73230                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu08.dtb.walker     0.062565                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu08.itb.walker     0.014990                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.024005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.977648                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l208.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.977648                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l208.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.954869                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l208.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.954869                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.526990                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.526990                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu08.inst     0.209921                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l208.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.209921                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l208.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.423900                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l208.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.423900                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l208.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.814828                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l208.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.814828                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::cpu08.dtb.walker     0.062565                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::cpu08.itb.walker     0.014990                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::cpu08.inst     0.209921                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.440546                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.283012                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::cpu08.dtb.walker     0.062565                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::cpu08.itb.walker     0.014990                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::cpu08.inst     0.209921                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.440546                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.283012                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks               2990                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                    2990                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.replacements                         9562                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l209.tags.tagsinuse                6854.374082                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.tags.total_refs                     51700                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.tags.sampled_refs                   14585                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.tags.avg_refs                    3.544738                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.tags.warmup_cycle            6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    149.530467                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.dtb.walker    47.124727                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.itb.walker    56.187179                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst   2794.514578                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.data   3807.017131                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.009127                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.dtb.walker     0.002876                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.itb.walker     0.003429                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.170564                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.232362                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.tags.occ_percent::total          0.418358                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          114                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l209.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         7410                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l209.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          114                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l209.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         7410                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l209.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.006958                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l209.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.452271                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l209.tags.tag_accesses                  119353                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l209.tags.data_accesses                 119353                       # Number of data accesses
system.l209.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::cpu09.dtb.walker          920                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::cpu09.itb.walker         2132                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                  3052                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         9170                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l209.WritebackDirty_hits::total           9170                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l209.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         8377                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l209.WritebackClean_hits::total           8377                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l209.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu09.data             4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l209.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l209.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu09.data           55                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l209.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total               55                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::cpu09.data            548                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total                 548                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu09.inst         4974                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l209.ReadCleanReq_hits::total             4974                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l209.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu09.data         4724                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l209.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            4724                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l209.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu09.data            3                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l209.InvalidateReq_hits::total               3                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::cpu09.dtb.walker          920                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::cpu09.itb.walker         2132                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::cpu09.inst              4974                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::cpu09.data              5272                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                  13298                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::cpu09.dtb.walker          920                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::cpu09.itb.walker         2132                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::cpu09.inst             4974                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::cpu09.data             5272                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                 13298                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::cpu09.dtb.walker           66                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::cpu09.itb.walker           75                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total                 141                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu09.data          566                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l209.UpgradeReq_misses::total              566                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l209.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu09.data          992                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l209.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total            992                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::cpu09.data         3534                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::total              3534                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu09.inst         3915                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l209.ReadCleanReq_misses::total           3915                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l209.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu09.data         6143                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l209.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          6143                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l209.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu09.data          653                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l209.InvalidateReq_misses::total           653                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::cpu09.dtb.walker           66                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::cpu09.itb.walker           75                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::cpu09.inst            3915                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::cpu09.data            9677                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                13733                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::cpu09.dtb.walker           66                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::cpu09.itb.walker           75                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::cpu09.inst           3915                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::cpu09.data           9677                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total               13733                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::cpu09.dtb.walker          986                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::cpu09.itb.walker         2207                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total              3193                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         9170                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         9170                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         8377                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.WritebackClean_accesses::total         8377                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu09.data          570                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            570                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu09.data         1047                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         1047                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu09.data         4082                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total            4082                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu09.inst         8889                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         8889                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu09.data        10867                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        10867                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu09.data          656                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.InvalidateReq_accesses::total          656                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::cpu09.dtb.walker          986                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::cpu09.itb.walker         2207                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::cpu09.inst          8889                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::cpu09.data         14949                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total              27031                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::cpu09.dtb.walker          986                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::cpu09.itb.walker         2207                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::cpu09.inst         8889                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::cpu09.data        14949                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total             27031                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu09.dtb.walker     0.066937                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu09.itb.walker     0.033983                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.044159                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.992982                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l209.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.992982                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l209.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.947469                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l209.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.947469                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.865752                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.865752                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu09.inst     0.440432                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l209.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.440432                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l209.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.565289                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l209.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.565289                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l209.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.995427                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l209.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.995427                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::cpu09.dtb.walker     0.066937                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::cpu09.itb.walker     0.033983                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::cpu09.inst     0.440432                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.647334                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.508046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::cpu09.dtb.walker     0.066937                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::cpu09.itb.walker     0.033983                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::cpu09.inst     0.440432                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.647334                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.508046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks                992                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                     992                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.replacements                         2982                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l210.tags.tagsinuse                          0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.tags.total_refs                         0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.tags.sampled_refs                       0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.tags.avg_refs                         nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.tags.warmup_cycle                       0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.tags.tag_accesses                       0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l210.tags.data_accesses                      0                       # Number of data accesses
system.l210.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.replacements                            0                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l211.tags.tagsinuse                9251.021868                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.tags.total_refs                     95658                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.tags.sampled_refs                   18852                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.tags.avg_refs                    5.074157                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.tags.warmup_cycle            6928631080472500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   1661.147426                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.dtb.walker    40.780977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.itb.walker    46.218480                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   3891.410444                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   3611.464541                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.101388                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.dtb.walker     0.002489                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.itb.walker     0.002821                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.237513                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.220426                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.tags.occ_percent::total          0.564638                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           96                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l211.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        10110                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l211.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           96                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l211.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        10110                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l211.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.005859                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l211.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.617065                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l211.tags.tag_accesses                  215720                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l211.tags.data_accesses                 215720                       # Number of data accesses
system.l211.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::cpu11.dtb.walker         1242                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::cpu11.itb.walker         5862                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                  7104                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        13035                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l211.WritebackDirty_hits::total          13035                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l211.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks        22431                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l211.WritebackClean_hits::total          22431                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l211.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu11.data             9                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l211.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  9                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l211.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu11.data           32                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l211.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total               32                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::cpu11.data           1517                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::total                1517                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu11.inst        16988                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l211.ReadCleanReq_hits::total            16988                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l211.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu11.data         8457                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l211.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            8457                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l211.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu11.data          180                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l211.InvalidateReq_hits::total             180                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l211.demand_hits::cpu11.dtb.walker         1242                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::cpu11.itb.walker         5862                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::cpu11.inst             16988                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::cpu11.data              9974                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                  34066                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::cpu11.dtb.walker         1242                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::cpu11.itb.walker         5862                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::cpu11.inst            16988                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::cpu11.data             9974                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                 34066                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::cpu11.dtb.walker           77                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::cpu11.itb.walker           67                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total                 144                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu11.data          776                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l211.UpgradeReq_misses::total              776                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l211.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu11.data         1132                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l211.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           1132                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::cpu11.data         2207                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::total              2207                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu11.inst         5956                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l211.ReadCleanReq_misses::total           5956                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l211.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu11.data         7434                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l211.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          7434                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l211.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu11.data         2764                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l211.InvalidateReq_misses::total          2764                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::cpu11.dtb.walker           77                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::cpu11.itb.walker           67                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::cpu11.inst            5956                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::cpu11.data            9641                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                15741                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::cpu11.dtb.walker           77                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::cpu11.itb.walker           67                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::cpu11.inst           5956                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::cpu11.data           9641                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total               15741                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::cpu11.dtb.walker         1319                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::cpu11.itb.walker         5929                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total              7248                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        13035                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        13035                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks        22431                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.WritebackClean_accesses::total        22431                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu11.data          785                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            785                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu11.data         1164                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         1164                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu11.data         3724                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total            3724                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu11.inst        22944                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        22944                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu11.data        15891                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        15891                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu11.data         2944                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.InvalidateReq_accesses::total         2944                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::cpu11.dtb.walker         1319                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::cpu11.itb.walker         5929                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::cpu11.inst         22944                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::cpu11.data         19615                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total              49807                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::cpu11.dtb.walker         1319                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::cpu11.itb.walker         5929                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::cpu11.inst        22944                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::cpu11.data        19615                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total             49807                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu11.dtb.walker     0.058378                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu11.itb.walker     0.011300                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.019868                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.988535                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l211.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.988535                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l211.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.972509                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l211.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.972509                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.592642                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.592642                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu11.inst     0.259589                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l211.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.259589                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l211.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.467812                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l211.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.467812                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l211.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.938859                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l211.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.938859                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::cpu11.dtb.walker     0.058378                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::cpu11.itb.walker     0.011300                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::cpu11.inst     0.259589                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.491512                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.316040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::cpu11.dtb.walker     0.058378                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::cpu11.itb.walker     0.011300                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::cpu11.inst     0.259589                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.491512                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.316040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks               1604                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                    1604                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.replacements                         5522                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l212.tags.tagsinuse                8507.414489                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.tags.total_refs                     75454                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.tags.sampled_refs                   16193                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.tags.avg_refs                    4.659668                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.tags.warmup_cycle            6928631654944000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   1025.931220                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.dtb.walker    48.015326                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.itb.walker    57.093394                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst   3618.726365                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.data   3757.648184                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.062618                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.dtb.walker     0.002931                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.itb.walker     0.003485                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.220870                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.229349                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.tags.occ_percent::total          0.519251                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          116                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l212.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         9271                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l212.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          116                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l212.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         9271                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l212.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.007080                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l212.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.565857                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l212.tags.tag_accesses                  170851                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l212.tags.data_accesses                 170851                       # Number of data accesses
system.l212.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::cpu12.dtb.walker          916                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::cpu12.itb.walker         4426                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                  5342                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        10207                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l212.WritebackDirty_hits::total          10207                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l212.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks        16311                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l212.WritebackClean_hits::total          16311                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l212.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu12.data            12                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l212.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 12                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l212.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu12.data           39                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l212.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total               39                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::cpu12.data           1880                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total                1880                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu12.inst        11443                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l212.ReadCleanReq_hits::total            11443                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l212.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu12.data         6863                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l212.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            6863                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l212.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu12.data          218                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l212.InvalidateReq_hits::total             218                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::cpu12.dtb.walker          916                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::cpu12.itb.walker         4426                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::cpu12.inst             11443                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::cpu12.data              8743                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                  25528                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::cpu12.dtb.walker          916                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::cpu12.itb.walker         4426                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::cpu12.inst            11443                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::cpu12.data             8743                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                 25528                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::cpu12.dtb.walker           76                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::cpu12.itb.walker           70                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total                 146                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu12.data          576                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l212.UpgradeReq_misses::total              576                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l212.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu12.data          789                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l212.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total            789                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::cpu12.data         1408                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::total              1408                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu12.inst         5384                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l212.ReadCleanReq_misses::total           5384                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l212.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu12.data         7017                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l212.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          7017                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l212.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu12.data         1840                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l212.InvalidateReq_misses::total          1840                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::cpu12.dtb.walker           76                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::cpu12.itb.walker           70                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::cpu12.inst            5384                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::cpu12.data            8425                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                13955                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::cpu12.dtb.walker           76                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::cpu12.itb.walker           70                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::cpu12.inst           5384                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::cpu12.data           8425                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total               13955                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::cpu12.dtb.walker          992                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::cpu12.itb.walker         4496                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total              5488                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        10207                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        10207                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks        16311                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.WritebackClean_accesses::total        16311                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu12.data          588                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            588                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu12.data          828                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          828                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu12.data         3288                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total            3288                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu12.inst        16827                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        16827                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu12.data        13880                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        13880                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu12.data         2058                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.InvalidateReq_accesses::total         2058                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::cpu12.dtb.walker          992                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::cpu12.itb.walker         4496                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::cpu12.inst         16827                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::cpu12.data         17168                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total              39483                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::cpu12.dtb.walker          992                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::cpu12.itb.walker         4496                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::cpu12.inst        16827                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::cpu12.data        17168                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total             39483                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu12.dtb.walker     0.076613                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu12.itb.walker     0.015569                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.026603                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.979592                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l212.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.979592                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l212.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.952899                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l212.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.952899                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.428224                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.428224                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu12.inst     0.319962                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l212.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.319962                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l212.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.505548                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l212.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.505548                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l212.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.894072                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l212.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.894072                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::cpu12.dtb.walker     0.076613                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::cpu12.itb.walker     0.015569                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::cpu12.inst     0.319962                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.490739                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.353443                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::cpu12.dtb.walker     0.076613                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::cpu12.itb.walker     0.015569                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::cpu12.inst     0.319962                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.490739                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.353443                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks               1208                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                    1208                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.replacements                         4199                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l213.tags.tagsinuse               11644.672589                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.tags.total_refs                    946648                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.tags.sampled_refs                   53429                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.tags.avg_refs                   17.717869                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.tags.warmup_cycle            6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    603.431343                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.dtb.walker   101.174091                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.itb.walker   108.888111                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst   5602.891137                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.data   5228.287908                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.036831                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.dtb.walker     0.006175                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.itb.walker     0.006646                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.341973                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.319109                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.tags.occ_percent::total          0.710734                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          252                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l213.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        12639                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l213.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l213.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          251                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l213.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           41                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l213.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           57                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l213.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           43                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l213.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        12498                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l213.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.015381                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l213.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.771423                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l213.tags.tag_accesses                 1952819                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l213.tags.data_accesses                1952819                       # Number of data accesses
system.l213.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::cpu13.dtb.walker        42562                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::cpu13.itb.walker        84992                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                127554                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        53805                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l213.WritebackDirty_hits::total          53805                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l213.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       288169                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l213.WritebackClean_hits::total         288169                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l213.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu13.data            10                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l213.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 10                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l213.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu13.data           30                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l213.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total               30                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::cpu13.data          15170                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total               15170                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu13.inst       273128                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l213.ReadCleanReq_hits::total           273128                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l213.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu13.data        71857                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l213.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           71857                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l213.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu13.data         5276                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l213.InvalidateReq_hits::total            5276                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::cpu13.dtb.walker        42562                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::cpu13.itb.walker        84992                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::cpu13.inst            273128                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::cpu13.data             87027                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                 487709                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::cpu13.dtb.walker        42562                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::cpu13.itb.walker        84992                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::cpu13.inst           273128                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::cpu13.data            87027                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                487709                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::cpu13.dtb.walker          361                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::cpu13.itb.walker          264                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total                 625                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu13.data         3456                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l213.UpgradeReq_misses::total             3456                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l213.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu13.data         3062                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l213.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           3062                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::cpu13.data         4676                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::total              4676                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu13.inst        15555                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l213.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          15555                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l213.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu13.data        22542                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l213.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         22542                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l213.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu13.data         2246                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l213.InvalidateReq_misses::total          2246                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::cpu13.dtb.walker          361                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::cpu13.itb.walker          264                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::cpu13.inst           15555                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::cpu13.data           27218                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                43398                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::cpu13.dtb.walker          361                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::cpu13.itb.walker          264                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::cpu13.inst          15555                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::cpu13.data          27218                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total               43398                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::cpu13.dtb.walker        42923                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::cpu13.itb.walker        85256                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total            128179                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        53805                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        53805                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       288169                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.WritebackClean_accesses::total       288169                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu13.data         3466                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           3466                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu13.data         3092                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         3092                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu13.data        19846                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total           19846                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu13.inst       288683                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       288683                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu13.data        94399                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        94399                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu13.data         7522                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.InvalidateReq_accesses::total         7522                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::cpu13.dtb.walker        42923                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::cpu13.itb.walker        85256                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::cpu13.inst        288683                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::cpu13.data        114245                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total             531107                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::cpu13.dtb.walker        42923                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::cpu13.itb.walker        85256                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::cpu13.inst       288683                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::cpu13.data       114245                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total            531107                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu13.dtb.walker     0.008410                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu13.itb.walker     0.003097                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.004876                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.997115                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l213.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.997115                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l213.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.990298                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l213.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.990298                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.235614                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.235614                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu13.inst     0.053883                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l213.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.053883                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l213.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.238795                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l213.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.238795                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l213.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.298591                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l213.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.298591                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::cpu13.dtb.walker     0.008410                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::cpu13.itb.walker     0.003097                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::cpu13.inst     0.053883                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.238242                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.081712                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::cpu13.dtb.walker     0.008410                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::cpu13.itb.walker     0.003097                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::cpu13.inst     0.053883                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.238242                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.081712                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks               3744                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                    3744                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.replacements                        24559                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l214.tags.tagsinuse                7156.406831                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.tags.total_refs                  12853130                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.tags.sampled_refs                  310807                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.tags.avg_refs                   41.354056                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.tags.warmup_cycle            6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   1407.866617                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.dtb.walker    37.768995                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.itb.walker    61.772191                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst   3115.919885                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.data   2533.079143                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.085929                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.dtb.walker     0.002305                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.itb.walker     0.003770                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.190181                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.154607                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.tags.occ_percent::total          0.436792                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          123                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l214.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         7305                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l214.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::1           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l214.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l214.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           90                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l214.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           48                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l214.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          258                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l214.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          113                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l214.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         6886                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l214.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.007507                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l214.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.445862                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l214.tags.tag_accesses                26056843                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l214.tags.data_accesses               26056843                       # Number of data accesses
system.l214.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::cpu14.dtb.walker       211238                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::cpu14.itb.walker      1335021                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total               1546259                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       639057                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l214.WritebackDirty_hits::total         639057                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l214.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks      4423676                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l214.WritebackClean_hits::total        4423676                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::cpu14.data         192880                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total              192880                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu14.inst      4329114                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l214.ReadCleanReq_hits::total          4329114                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l214.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu14.data       866176                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l214.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          866176                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l214.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu14.data        49577                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l214.InvalidateReq_hits::total           49577                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::cpu14.dtb.walker       211238                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::cpu14.itb.walker      1335021                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::cpu14.inst           4329114                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::cpu14.data           1059056                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                6934429                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::cpu14.dtb.walker       211238                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::cpu14.itb.walker      1335021                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::cpu14.inst          4329114                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::cpu14.data          1059056                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total               6934429                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::cpu14.dtb.walker         7162                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::cpu14.itb.walker         5925                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total               13087                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu14.data        12141                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l214.UpgradeReq_misses::total            12141                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l214.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu14.data         9206                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l214.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           9206                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::cpu14.data        18924                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::total             18924                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu14.inst        95074                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l214.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          95074                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l214.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu14.data        89381                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l214.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         89381                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l214.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu14.data        14804                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l214.InvalidateReq_misses::total         14804                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::cpu14.dtb.walker         7162                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::cpu14.itb.walker         5925                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::cpu14.inst           95074                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::cpu14.data          108305                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total               216466                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::cpu14.dtb.walker         7162                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::cpu14.itb.walker         5925                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::cpu14.inst          95074                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::cpu14.data         108305                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total              216466                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::cpu14.dtb.walker       218400                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::cpu14.itb.walker      1340946                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total           1559346                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       639057                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       639057                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks      4423676                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.WritebackClean_accesses::total      4423676                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu14.data        12141                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          12141                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu14.data         9206                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         9206                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu14.data       211804                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total          211804                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu14.inst      4424188                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total      4424188                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu14.data       955557                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       955557                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu14.data        64381                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.InvalidateReq_accesses::total        64381                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::cpu14.dtb.walker       218400                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::cpu14.itb.walker      1340946                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::cpu14.inst       4424188                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::cpu14.data       1167361                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total            7150895                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::cpu14.dtb.walker       218400                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::cpu14.itb.walker      1340946                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::cpu14.inst      4424188                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::cpu14.data      1167361                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total           7150895                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu14.dtb.walker     0.032793                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu14.itb.walker     0.004419                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.008393                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l214.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l214.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l214.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.089347                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.089347                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu14.inst     0.021490                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l214.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.021490                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l214.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.093538                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l214.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.093538                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l214.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.229944                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l214.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.229944                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::cpu14.dtb.walker     0.032793                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::cpu14.itb.walker     0.004419                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::cpu14.inst     0.021490                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.092778                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.030271                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::cpu14.dtb.walker     0.032793                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::cpu14.itb.walker     0.004419                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::cpu14.inst     0.021490                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.092778                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.030271                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks              48385                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                   48385                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.replacements                       224119                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l215.tags.tagsinuse                4399.610340                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.tags.total_refs                    603306                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.tags.sampled_refs                   22347                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.tags.avg_refs                   26.997181                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.tags.warmup_cycle            6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    131.371195                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.dtb.walker    78.597791                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.itb.walker    95.682516                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst   2899.687983                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.data   1194.270855                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.008018                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.dtb.walker     0.004797                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.itb.walker     0.005840                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.176983                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.072893                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.tags.occ_percent::total          0.268531                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          185                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l215.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4536                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l215.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          185                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l215.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         4536                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l215.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.011292                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l215.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.276855                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l215.tags.tag_accesses                 1230907                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l215.tags.data_accesses                1230907                       # Number of data accesses
system.l215.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::cpu15.dtb.walker        27903                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::cpu15.itb.walker        57975                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                 85878                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        27051                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l215.WritebackDirty_hits::total          27051                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l215.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       190514                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l215.WritebackClean_hits::total         190514                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::cpu15.data           8851                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                8851                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu15.inst       185111                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l215.ReadCleanReq_hits::total           185111                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l215.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu15.data        44963                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l215.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           44963                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l215.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu15.data         3187                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l215.InvalidateReq_hits::total            3187                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::cpu15.dtb.walker        27903                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::cpu15.itb.walker        57975                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::cpu15.inst            185111                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::cpu15.data             53814                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                 324803                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::cpu15.dtb.walker        27903                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::cpu15.itb.walker        57975                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::cpu15.inst           185111                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::cpu15.data            53814                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                324803                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::cpu15.dtb.walker          176                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::cpu15.itb.walker          114                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total                 290                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu15.data         2668                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l215.UpgradeReq_misses::total             2668                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l215.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu15.data         2119                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l215.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           2119                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::cpu15.data         1286                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::total              1286                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu15.inst         5915                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l215.ReadCleanReq_misses::total           5915                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l215.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu15.data         9645                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l215.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          9645                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l215.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu15.data          402                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l215.InvalidateReq_misses::total           402                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::cpu15.dtb.walker          176                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::cpu15.itb.walker          114                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::cpu15.inst            5915                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::cpu15.data           10931                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                17136                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::cpu15.dtb.walker          176                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::cpu15.itb.walker          114                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::cpu15.inst           5915                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::cpu15.data          10931                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total               17136                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::cpu15.dtb.walker        28079                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::cpu15.itb.walker        58089                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total             86168                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        27051                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        27051                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       190514                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.WritebackClean_accesses::total       190514                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu15.data         2668                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           2668                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu15.data         2119                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         2119                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu15.data        10137                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total           10137                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu15.inst       191026                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       191026                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu15.data        54608                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        54608                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu15.data         3589                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.InvalidateReq_accesses::total         3589                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::cpu15.dtb.walker        28079                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::cpu15.itb.walker        58089                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::cpu15.inst        191026                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::cpu15.data         64745                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total             341939                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::cpu15.dtb.walker        28079                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::cpu15.itb.walker        58089                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::cpu15.inst       191026                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::cpu15.data        64745                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total            341939                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu15.dtb.walker     0.006268                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu15.itb.walker     0.001963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.003366                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l215.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l215.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l215.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.126862                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.126862                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu15.inst     0.030964                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l215.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.030964                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l215.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.176622                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l215.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.176622                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l215.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.112009                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l215.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.112009                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::cpu15.dtb.walker     0.006268                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::cpu15.itb.walker     0.001963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::cpu15.inst     0.030964                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.168832                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.050114                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::cpu15.dtb.walker     0.006268                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::cpu15.itb.walker     0.001963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::cpu15.inst     0.030964                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.168832                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.050114                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks                681                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                     681                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.replacements                         7069                       # number of replacements
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       2417087                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       957008                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests       562273                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               13542                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             687356                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq              10513                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp             10513                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       636525                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           372070                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            49786                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          41455                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           91241                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            124429                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           124429                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        673814                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        519008                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp       519008                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        18464                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total        18464                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l200.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        15876                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l200.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         6806                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l200.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       410009                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l200.mem_side::total       432691                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l201.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         3658                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l201.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         6534                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l201.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1690372                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l201.mem_side::total      1700564                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l202.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          144                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l202.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio          276                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l202.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       110040                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l202.mem_side::total       110460                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l203.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         1372                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l203.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio          726                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l203.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       197823                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l203.mem_side::total       199921                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l204.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         1224                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l204.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         2454                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l204.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       156505                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l204.mem_side::total       160183                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l205.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           78                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l205.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio          352                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l205.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        96853                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l205.mem_side::total        97283                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l206.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio          310                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l206.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        33504                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l206.mem_side::total        33814                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l207.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio          390                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l207.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        60711                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l207.mem_side::total        61101                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l208.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio          206                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l208.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        59426                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l208.mem_side::total        59632                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l209.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio           94                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l209.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        34641                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l209.mem_side::total        34735                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l211.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio          164                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l211.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        46083                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l211.mem_side::total        46247                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l212.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio          132                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l212.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        38244                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l212.mem_side::total        38376                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l213.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         1806                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l213.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       126087                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l213.mem_side::total       127893                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l214.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         4058                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l214.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       696935                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l214.mem_side::total       700993                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l215.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         1450                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l215.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        49882                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l215.mem_side::total        51332                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                3873689                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       393216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total       393216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l200.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        15300                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l200.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        13612                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l200.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     10124096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l200.mem_side::total     10153008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l201.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         3658                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l201.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        13068                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l201.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     39803008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l201.mem_side::total     39819734                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l202.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           84                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l202.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio          552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l202.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      2845440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l202.mem_side::total      2846076                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l203.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         1207                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l203.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         1452                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l203.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      4592448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l203.mem_side::total      4595107                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l204.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          714                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l204.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         4908                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l204.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      3694592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l204.mem_side::total      3700214                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l205.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           48                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l205.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio          704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l205.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      2459008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l205.mem_side::total      2459760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l206.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio          620                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l206.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       864320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l206.mem_side::total       864940                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l207.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio          780                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l207.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1510464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l207.mem_side::total      1511244                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l208.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio          412                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l208.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1512768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l208.mem_side::total      1513180                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l209.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio          188                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l209.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       940992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l209.mem_side::total       941180                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l211.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio          328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l211.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1104576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l211.mem_side::total      1104904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l212.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio          264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l212.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       966592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l212.mem_side::total       966856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l213.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         3612                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l213.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      3008640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l213.mem_side::total      3012252                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l214.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         8116                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l214.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     16869824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l214.mem_side::total     16877940                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l215.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         2900                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l215.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1135168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l215.mem_side::total      1138068                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                91897679                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           1432547                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean             1.395999                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev            3.096108                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  923095     64.44%     64.44% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                  243819     17.02%     81.46% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                   51783      3.61%     85.07% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::3                   40357      2.82%     87.89% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::4                   25912      1.81%     89.70% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::5                   18449      1.29%     90.99% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::6                   15337      1.07%     92.06% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::7                   13797      0.96%     93.02% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::8                   12384      0.86%     93.88% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::9                   12954      0.90%     94.79% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::10                  10022      0.70%     95.49% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::11                  11359      0.79%     96.28% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::12                  10285      0.72%     97.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::13                  19279      1.35%     98.34% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::14                  23715      1.66%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::15                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::16                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::17                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value              14                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             1432547                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.directResponses                       0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.membus.badaddr_responder.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.pci_host.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pci_ide.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.clock24MHz.voltage_domain.voltage     3.300000                       # Voltage in Volts
system.realview.clock24MHz.clock                41667                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.realview_io.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.dcc.osc_cpu.clock               16667                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.dcc.osc_ddr.clock               25000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.dcc.osc_hsbm.clock              25000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.dcc.osc_pxl.clock               42105                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.dcc.osc_smb.clock               20000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.dcc.osc_sys.clock               16667                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.energy_ctrl.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.ethernet.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAReads               0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAWrites              0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.postedSwi                  0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedSwi             nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalSwi                   0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxIdle               0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle          nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxIdle                0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOk                 0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOk            nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOk                  0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxDesc               0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc          nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxDesc                0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxOk                 0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxOk            nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxOk                  0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxIdle               0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle          nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxIdle                0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxDesc               0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc          nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxDesc                0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOrn                0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn           nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOrn                 0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTotal           nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.droppedPackets             0                       # number of packets dropped
system.realview.gic.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.generic_timer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.gicv2m.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.hdlcd.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.kmi0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.kmi1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.mcc.osc_clcd.clock              42105                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.mcc.osc_mcc.clock               20000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.mcc.osc_peripheral.clock        41667                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.mcc.osc_system_bus.clock        41667                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.rtc.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.uart0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.vgic.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.vio0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.vio1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.viopci.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus00.snoop_filter.tot_requests      2847954                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus00.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      1425972                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus00.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          121                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus00.snoop_filter.tot_snoops        73320                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus00.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        73320                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus00.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus00.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::ReadReq           487387                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::ReadResp         1809110                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::WriteReq            5042                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::WriteResp           5042                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       192473                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::WritebackClean       978813                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::CleanEvict        232110                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         10028                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         9580                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        19608                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::ReadExReq          75684                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::ReadExResp         75684                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       979325                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       342398                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::CleanSharedReq         1600                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::CleanSharedResp         1600                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        22982                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        22982                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.pkt_count_system.cpu00.icache.mem_side::system.l200.cpu_side      2937463                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus00.pkt_count_system.cpu00.dcache.mem_side::system.l200.cpu_side      1371809                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus00.pkt_count_system.cpu00.itb.walker.dma::system.l200.cpu_side       619970                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus00.pkt_count_system.cpu00.dtb.walker.dma::system.l200.cpu_side       342206                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus00.pkt_count::total             5271448                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus00.pkt_size_system.cpu00.icache.mem_side::system.l200.cpu_side    125320832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus00.pkt_size_system.cpu00.dcache.mem_side::system.l200.cpu_side     39104432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus00.pkt_size_system.cpu00.itb.walker.dma::system.l200.cpu_side      2479880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus00.pkt_size_system.cpu00.dtb.walker.dma::system.l200.cpu_side      1368824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus00.pkt_size::total            168273968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus00.snoops                        298447                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus00.snoopTraffic                 1428608                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus00.snoop_fanout::samples        2209594                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus00.snoop_fanout::mean          0.034577                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus00.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.182707                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus00.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus00.snoop_fanout::0              2133192     96.54%     96.54% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus00.snoop_fanout::1                76402      3.46%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus00.snoop_fanout::2                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus00.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus00.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus00.snoop_fanout::max_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus00.snoop_fanout::total          2209594                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus00.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus01.snoop_filter.tot_requests      3573807                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus01.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      1805842                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus01.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests        21681                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus01.snoop_filter.tot_snoops        34972                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus01.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        34972                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus01.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus01.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::ReadReq           225826                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::ReadResp         1436087                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::WriteReq            2093                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::WriteResp           2093                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       811167                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::WritebackClean       812166                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::CleanEvict        133954                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          8236                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         1565                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         9801                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::ReadExReq          87348                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::ReadExResp         87348                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       812678                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       397583                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::CleanSharedReq         7104                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::CleanSharedResp         7104                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::InvalidateReq       463262                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::InvalidateResp       463262                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.pkt_count_system.cpu01.icache.mem_side::system.l201.cpu_side      2437522                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus01.pkt_count_system.cpu01.dcache.mem_side::system.l201.cpu_side      2885509                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus01.pkt_count_system.cpu01.itb.walker.dma::system.l201.cpu_side       225642                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus01.pkt_count_system.cpu01.dtb.walker.dma::system.l201.cpu_side       220004                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus01.pkt_count::total             5768677                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus01.pkt_size_system.cpu01.icache.mem_side::system.l201.cpu_side    103990016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus01.pkt_size_system.cpu01.dcache.mem_side::system.l201.cpu_side     82966998                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus01.pkt_size_system.cpu01.itb.walker.dma::system.l201.cpu_side       902568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus01.pkt_size_system.cpu01.dtb.walker.dma::system.l201.cpu_side       880016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus01.pkt_size::total            188739598                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus01.snoops                        651063                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus01.snoopTraffic                33031680                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus01.snoop_fanout::samples        2651535                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus01.snoop_fanout::mean          0.035978                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus01.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.186236                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus01.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus01.snoop_fanout::0              2556137     96.40%     96.40% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus01.snoop_fanout::1                95398      3.60%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus01.snoop_fanout::2                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus01.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus01.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus01.snoop_fanout::max_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus01.snoop_fanout::total          2651535                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus01.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus02.snoop_filter.tot_requests       352201                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus02.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       177704                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus02.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           17                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus02.snoop_filter.tot_snoops        25826                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus02.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        25826                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus02.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus02.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::ReadReq            41449                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::ReadResp          199410                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::WriteReq              90                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::WriteResp             90                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        38532                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::WritebackClean       103267                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::CleanEvict         30227                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           734                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          576                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         1310                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::ReadExReq          11103                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::ReadExResp         11103                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       103779                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        54182                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::CleanSharedReq          640                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::CleanSharedResp          640                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         4855                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::InvalidateResp         4855                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.pkt_count_system.cpu02.icache.mem_side::system.l202.cpu_side       310825                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus02.pkt_count_system.cpu02.dcache.mem_side::system.l202.cpu_side       213359                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus02.pkt_count_system.cpu02.itb.walker.dma::system.l202.cpu_side        60768                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus02.pkt_count_system.cpu02.dtb.walker.dma::system.l202.cpu_side        21890                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus02.pkt_count::total              606842                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus02.pkt_size_system.cpu02.icache.mem_side::system.l202.cpu_side     13250944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus02.pkt_size_system.cpu02.dcache.mem_side::system.l202.cpu_side      6644924                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus02.pkt_size_system.cpu02.itb.walker.dma::system.l202.cpu_side       243072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus02.pkt_size_system.cpu02.dtb.walker.dma::system.l202.cpu_side        87560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus02.pkt_size::total             20226500                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus02.snoops                        174028                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus02.snoopTraffic                  452864                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus02.snoop_fanout::samples         390204                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus02.snoop_fanout::mean          0.077265                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus02.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.267011                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus02.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus02.snoop_fanout::0               360055     92.27%     92.27% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus02.snoop_fanout::1                30149      7.73%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus02.snoop_fanout::2                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus02.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus02.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus02.snoop_fanout::max_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus02.snoop_fanout::total           390204                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus02.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus03.snoop_filter.tot_requests       618497                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus03.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       313847                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus03.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           14                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus03.snoop_filter.tot_snoops        31632                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus03.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        31632                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus03.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus03.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::ReadReq            59461                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::ReadResp          326297                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::WriteReq             593                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::WriteResp            593                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        74499                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::WritebackClean       178286                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::CleanEvict         48102                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          3288                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         2472                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         5760                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::ReadExReq          23888                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::ReadExResp         23888                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       178798                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        88038                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::CleanSharedReq           64                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::CleanSharedResp           64                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        13865                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        13865                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.pkt_count_system.cpu03.icache.mem_side::system.l203.cpu_side       535882                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus03.pkt_count_system.cpu03.dcache.mem_side::system.l203.cpu_side       387929                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus03.pkt_count_system.cpu03.itb.walker.dma::system.l203.cpu_side        92086                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus03.pkt_count_system.cpu03.dtb.walker.dma::system.l203.cpu_side        25924                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus03.pkt_count::total             1041821                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus03.pkt_size_system.cpu03.icache.mem_side::system.l203.cpu_side     22853376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus03.pkt_size_system.cpu03.dcache.mem_side::system.l203.cpu_side     11933859                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus03.pkt_size_system.cpu03.itb.walker.dma::system.l203.cpu_side       368344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus03.pkt_size_system.cpu03.dtb.walker.dma::system.l203.cpu_side       103696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus03.pkt_size::total             35259275                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus03.snoops                        203257                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus03.snoopTraffic                  857664                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus03.snoop_fanout::samples         567817                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus03.snoop_fanout::mean          0.068408                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus03.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.252444                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus03.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus03.snoop_fanout::0               528974     93.16%     93.16% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus03.snoop_fanout::1                38843      6.84%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus03.snoop_fanout::2                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus03.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus03.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus03.snoop_fanout::max_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus03.snoop_fanout::total           567817                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus03.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus04.snoop_filter.tot_requests      1258307                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus04.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       631487                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus04.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            8                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus04.snoop_filter.tot_snoops        49495                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus04.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        49495                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus04.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus04.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::ReadReq           209522                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::ReadResp          797607                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::WriteReq             772                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::WriteResp            772                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        76775                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::WritebackClean       452356                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::CleanEvict         90101                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          5260                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         5345                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        10605                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::ReadExReq          28235                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::ReadExResp         28235                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       452868                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       135217                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        10531                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        10531                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.pkt_count_system.cpu04.icache.mem_side::system.l204.cpu_side      1358092                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus04.pkt_count_system.cpu04.dcache.mem_side::system.l204.cpu_side       539730                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus04.pkt_count_system.cpu04.itb.walker.dma::system.l204.cpu_side       274436                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus04.pkt_count_system.cpu04.dtb.walker.dma::system.l204.cpu_side       142474                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus04.pkt_count::total             2314732                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus04.pkt_size_system.cpu04.icache.mem_side::system.l204.cpu_side     57934336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus04.pkt_size_system.cpu04.dcache.mem_side::system.l204.cpu_side     15380150                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus04.pkt_size_system.cpu04.itb.walker.dma::system.l204.cpu_side      1097744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus04.pkt_size_system.cpu04.dtb.walker.dma::system.l204.cpu_side       569896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus04.pkt_size::total             74982126                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus04.snoops                        217370                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus04.snoopTraffic                  352768                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus04.snoop_fanout::samples        1053216                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus04.snoop_fanout::mean          0.048539                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus04.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.214902                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus04.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus04.snoop_fanout::0              1002094     95.15%     95.15% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus04.snoop_fanout::1                51122      4.85%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus04.snoop_fanout::2                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus04.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus04.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus04.snoop_fanout::max_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus04.snoop_fanout::total          1053216                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus04.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus05.snoop_filter.tot_requests       186564                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus05.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        95243                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus05.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            4                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus05.snoop_filter.tot_snoops        19406                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus05.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        19406                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus05.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus05.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::ReadReq            14731                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::ReadResp           93509                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::WriteReq              83                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::WriteResp             83                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        27822                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::WritebackClean        43052                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::CleanEvict         18116                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          1692                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         1912                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         3604                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::ReadExReq           9376                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::ReadExResp          9376                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq        43564                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        35214                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         3167                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::InvalidateResp         3167                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.pkt_count_system.cpu05.icache.mem_side::system.l205.cpu_side       130180                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus05.pkt_count_system.cpu05.dcache.mem_side::system.l205.cpu_side       149090                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus05.pkt_count_system.cpu05.itb.walker.dma::system.l205.cpu_side        20142                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus05.pkt_count_system.cpu05.dtb.walker.dma::system.l205.cpu_side         9056                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus05.pkt_count::total              308468                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus05.pkt_size_system.cpu05.icache.mem_side::system.l205.cpu_side      5543424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus05.pkt_size_system.cpu05.dcache.mem_side::system.l205.cpu_side      4635120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus05.pkt_size_system.cpu05.itb.walker.dma::system.l205.cpu_side        80568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus05.pkt_size_system.cpu05.dtb.walker.dma::system.l205.cpu_side        36224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus05.pkt_size::total             10295336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus05.snoops                        121050                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus05.snoopTraffic                  302144                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus05.snoop_fanout::samples         227813                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus05.snoop_fanout::mean          0.096829                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus05.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.295726                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus05.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus05.snoop_fanout::0               205754     90.32%     90.32% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus05.snoop_fanout::1                22059      9.68%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus05.snoop_fanout::2                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus05.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus05.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus05.snoop_fanout::max_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus05.snoop_fanout::total           227813                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus05.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus06.snoop_filter.tot_requests        78395                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus06.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        39190                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus06.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            4                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus06.snoop_filter.tot_snoops        24034                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus06.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        24034                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus06.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus06.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::ReadReq             7925                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::ReadResp           42912                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::WriteReq              46                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::WriteResp             46                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         7835                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::WritebackClean        22996                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::CleanEvict          6449                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           527                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          579                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         1106                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::ReadExReq           2520                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::ReadExResp          2520                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq        23508                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        11479                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         1698                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::InvalidateResp         1698                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.pkt_count_system.cpu06.icache.mem_side::system.l206.cpu_side        70012                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus06.pkt_count_system.cpu06.dcache.mem_side::system.l206.cpu_side        48200                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus06.pkt_count_system.cpu06.itb.walker.dma::system.l206.cpu_side        13392                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus06.pkt_count_system.cpu06.dtb.walker.dma::system.l206.cpu_side         2240                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus06.pkt_count::total              133844                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus06.pkt_size_system.cpu06.icache.mem_side::system.l206.cpu_side      2976256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus06.pkt_size_system.cpu06.dcache.mem_side::system.l206.cpu_side      1397996                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus06.pkt_size_system.cpu06.itb.walker.dma::system.l206.cpu_side        53568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus06.pkt_size_system.cpu06.dtb.walker.dma::system.l206.cpu_side         8960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus06.pkt_size::total              4436780                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus06.snoops                        148384                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus06.snoopTraffic                   64640                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus06.snoop_fanout::samples         195145                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus06.snoop_fanout::mean          0.127300                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus06.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.333310                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus06.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus06.snoop_fanout::0               170303     87.27%     87.27% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus06.snoop_fanout::1                24842     12.73%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus06.snoop_fanout::2                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus06.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus06.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus06.snoop_fanout::max_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus06.snoop_fanout::total           195145                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus06.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus07.snoop_filter.tot_requests       143581                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus07.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        72733                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus07.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            2                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus07.snoop_filter.tot_snoops        30539                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus07.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        30539                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus07.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus07.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::ReadReq            11742                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::ReadResp           73891                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::WriteReq              63                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::WriteResp             63                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        17094                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::WritebackClean        37827                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::CleanEvict         13168                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          1453                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         1434                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         2887                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::ReadExReq           6403                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::ReadExResp          6403                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq        38339                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        23810                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         2296                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::InvalidateResp         2296                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.pkt_count_system.cpu07.icache.mem_side::system.l207.cpu_side       114505                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus07.pkt_count_system.cpu07.dcache.mem_side::system.l207.cpu_side       101444                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus07.pkt_count_system.cpu07.itb.walker.dma::system.l207.cpu_side        18852                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus07.pkt_count_system.cpu07.dtb.walker.dma::system.l207.cpu_side         4368                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus07.pkt_count::total              239169                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus07.pkt_size_system.cpu07.icache.mem_side::system.l207.cpu_side      4874624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus07.pkt_size_system.cpu07.dcache.mem_side::system.l207.cpu_side      3028428                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus07.pkt_size_system.cpu07.itb.walker.dma::system.l207.cpu_side        75408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus07.pkt_size_system.cpu07.dtb.walker.dma::system.l207.cpu_side        17472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus07.pkt_size::total              7995932                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus07.snoops                        153402                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus07.snoopTraffic                  101824                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus07.snoop_fanout::samples         234961                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus07.snoop_fanout::mean          0.137461                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus07.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.344334                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus07.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus07.snoop_fanout::0               202663     86.25%     86.25% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus07.snoop_fanout::1                32298     13.75%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus07.snoop_fanout::2                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus07.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus07.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus07.snoop_fanout::max_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus07.snoop_fanout::total           234961                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus07.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus08.snoop_filter.tot_requests       134475                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus08.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        68686                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus08.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           15                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus08.snoop_filter.tot_snoops        25246                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus08.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        25246                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus08.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus08.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::ReadReq            11549                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::ReadResp           69497                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::WriteReq              32                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::WriteResp             32                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        18741                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::WritebackClean        31076                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::CleanEvict         14216                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          1029                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         1263                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         2292                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::ReadExReq           5076                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::ReadExResp          5076                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq        31588                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        26360                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         2765                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::InvalidateResp         2765                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.pkt_count_system.cpu08.icache.mem_side::system.l208.cpu_side        94252                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus08.pkt_count_system.cpu08.dcache.mem_side::system.l208.cpu_side       106149                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus08.pkt_count_system.cpu08.itb.walker.dma::system.l208.cpu_side        17648                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus08.pkt_count_system.cpu08.dtb.walker.dma::system.l208.cpu_side         5308                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus08.pkt_count::total              223357                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus08.pkt_size_system.cpu08.icache.mem_side::system.l208.cpu_side      4010496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus08.pkt_size_system.cpu08.dcache.mem_side::system.l208.cpu_side      3211740                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus08.pkt_size_system.cpu08.itb.walker.dma::system.l208.cpu_side        70592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus08.pkt_size_system.cpu08.dtb.walker.dma::system.l208.cpu_side        21232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus08.pkt_size::total              7314060                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus08.snoops                        128448                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus08.snoopTraffic                  191360                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus08.snoop_fanout::samples         207048                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus08.snoop_fanout::mean          0.133409                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus08.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.340017                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus08.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus08.snoop_fanout::0               179426     86.66%     86.66% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus08.snoop_fanout::1                27622     13.34%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus08.snoop_fanout::2                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus08.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus08.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus08.snoop_fanout::max_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus08.snoop_fanout::total           207048                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus08.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus09.snoop_filter.tot_requests        50284                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus09.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        25790                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus09.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus09.snoop_filter.tot_snoops        23149                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus09.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        23149                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus09.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus09.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::ReadReq             3452                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::ReadResp           23208                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::WriteReq              15                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::WriteResp             15                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         9170                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::WritebackClean         8377                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::CleanEvict          5533                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           570                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         1047                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         1617                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::ReadExReq           4082                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::ReadExResp          4082                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         8889                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        10867                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::InvalidateReq          656                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::InvalidateResp          656                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.pkt_count_system.cpu09.icache.mem_side::system.l209.cpu_side        26155                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus09.pkt_count_system.cpu09.dcache.mem_side::system.l209.cpu_side        49241                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus09.pkt_count_system.cpu09.itb.walker.dma::system.l209.cpu_side         4522                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus09.pkt_count_system.cpu09.dtb.walker.dma::system.l209.cpu_side         2318                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus09.pkt_count::total               82236                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus09.pkt_size_system.cpu09.icache.mem_side::system.l209.cpu_side      1105024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus09.pkt_size_system.cpu09.dcache.mem_side::system.l209.cpu_side      1543804                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus09.pkt_size_system.cpu09.itb.walker.dma::system.l209.cpu_side        18088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus09.pkt_size_system.cpu09.dtb.walker.dma::system.l209.cpu_side         9272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus09.pkt_size::total              2676188                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus09.snoops                         96007                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus09.snoopTraffic                   63488                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus09.snoop_fanout::samples         124029                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus09.snoop_fanout::mean          0.195454                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus09.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.396552                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus09.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus09.snoop_fanout::0                99787     80.45%     80.45% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus09.snoop_fanout::1                24242     19.55%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus09.snoop_fanout::2                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus09.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus09.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus09.snoop_fanout::max_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus09.snoop_fanout::total           124029                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus09.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus10.snoop_filter.tot_requests            0                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus10.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus10.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus10.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus10.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus10.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus10.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus10.snoops                             0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus10.snoopTraffic                       0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus10.snoop_fanout::samples              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus10.snoop_fanout::mean               nan                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus10.snoop_fanout::stdev              nan                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus10.snoop_fanout::underflows            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus10.snoop_fanout::0                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus10.snoop_fanout::1                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus10.snoop_fanout::2                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus10.snoop_fanout::overflows            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus10.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus10.snoop_fanout::max_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus10.snoop_fanout::total                0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus10.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus11.snoop_filter.tot_requests        92561                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus11.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        47058                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus11.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            4                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus11.snoop_filter.tot_snoops        19377                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus11.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        19377                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus11.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus11.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::ReadReq             7994                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::ReadResp           46829                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::WriteReq              27                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::WriteResp             27                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        13035                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::WritebackClean        22432                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::CleanEvict          8271                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           785                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         1164                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         1949                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::ReadExReq           3724                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::ReadExResp          3724                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq        22944                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        15891                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         2944                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::InvalidateResp         2944                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.pkt_count_system.cpu11.icache.mem_side::system.l211.cpu_side        68320                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus11.pkt_count_system.cpu11.dcache.mem_side::system.l211.cpu_side        70486                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus11.pkt_count_system.cpu11.itb.walker.dma::system.l211.cpu_side        12446                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus11.pkt_count_system.cpu11.dtb.walker.dma::system.l211.cpu_side         3432                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus11.pkt_count::total              154684                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus11.pkt_size_system.cpu11.icache.mem_side::system.l211.cpu_side      2904064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus11.pkt_size_system.cpu11.dcache.mem_side::system.l211.cpu_side      2089928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus11.pkt_size_system.cpu11.itb.walker.dma::system.l211.cpu_side        49784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus11.pkt_size_system.cpu11.dtb.walker.dma::system.l211.cpu_side        13728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus11.pkt_size::total              5057504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus11.snoops                        121500                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus11.snoopTraffic                  102656                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus11.snoop_fanout::samples         175186                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus11.snoop_fanout::mean          0.118457                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus11.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.323149                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus11.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus11.snoop_fanout::0               154434     88.15%     88.15% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus11.snoop_fanout::1                20752     11.85%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus11.snoop_fanout::2                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus11.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus11.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus11.snoop_fanout::max_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus11.snoop_fanout::total           175186                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus11.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus12.snoop_filter.tot_requests        73190                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus12.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        37137                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus12.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            7                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus12.snoop_filter.tot_snoops        21353                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus12.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        21353                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus12.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus12.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::ReadReq             6174                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::ReadResp           36881                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::WriteReq              24                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::WriteResp             24                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        10207                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::WritebackClean        16315                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::CleanEvict          7857                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           588                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          828                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         1416                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::ReadExReq           3288                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::ReadExResp          3288                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq        16827                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        13880                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         2058                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::InvalidateResp         2058                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.pkt_count_system.cpu12.icache.mem_side::system.l212.cpu_side        49969                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus12.pkt_count_system.cpu12.dcache.mem_side::system.l212.cpu_side        59480                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus12.pkt_count_system.cpu12.itb.walker.dma::system.l212.cpu_side         9588                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus12.pkt_count_system.cpu12.dtb.walker.dma::system.l212.cpu_side         2676                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus12.pkt_count::total              121713                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus12.pkt_size_system.cpu12.icache.mem_side::system.l212.cpu_side      2121088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus12.pkt_size_system.cpu12.dcache.mem_side::system.l212.cpu_side      1752264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus12.pkt_size_system.cpu12.itb.walker.dma::system.l212.cpu_side        38352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus12.pkt_size_system.cpu12.dtb.walker.dma::system.l212.cpu_side        10704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus12.pkt_size::total              3922408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus12.snoops                        109124                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus12.snoopTraffic                   77312                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus12.snoop_fanout::samples         151764                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus12.snoop_fanout::mean          0.149588                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus12.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.356668                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus12.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus12.snoop_fanout::0               129062     85.04%     85.04% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus12.snoop_fanout::1                22702     14.96%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus12.snoop_fanout::2                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus12.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus12.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus12.snoop_fanout::max_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus12.snoop_fanout::total           151764                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus12.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus13.snoop_filter.tot_requests       823464                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus13.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       413034                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus13.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            6                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus13.snoop_filter.tot_snoops        40483                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus13.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        40483                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus13.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus13.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::ReadReq           129470                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::ReadResp          512552                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::WriteReq             288                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::WriteResp            288                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        53805                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::WritebackClean       288171                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::CleanEvict         62538                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          3466                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         3092                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         6558                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::ReadExReq          19846                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::ReadExResp         19846                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       288683                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        94399                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         7522                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::InvalidateResp         7522                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.pkt_count_system.cpu13.icache.mem_side::system.l213.cpu_side       865537                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus13.pkt_count_system.cpu13.dcache.mem_side::system.l213.cpu_side       374799                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus13.pkt_count_system.cpu13.itb.walker.dma::system.l213.cpu_side       171048                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus13.pkt_count_system.cpu13.dtb.walker.dma::system.l213.cpu_side        86662                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus13.pkt_count::total             1498046                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus13.pkt_size_system.cpu13.icache.mem_side::system.l213.cpu_side     36918656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus13.pkt_size_system.cpu13.dcache.mem_side::system.l213.cpu_side     10758812                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus13.pkt_size_system.cpu13.itb.walker.dma::system.l213.cpu_side       684192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus13.pkt_size_system.cpu13.dtb.walker.dma::system.l213.cpu_side       346648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus13.pkt_size::total             48708308                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus13.snoops                        188190                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus13.snoopTraffic                  239616                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus13.snoop_fanout::samples         726669                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus13.snoop_fanout::mean          0.058391                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus13.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.234482                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus13.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus13.snoop_fanout::0               684238     94.16%     94.16% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus13.snoop_fanout::1                42431      5.84%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus13.snoop_fanout::2                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus13.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus13.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus13.snoop_fanout::max_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus13.snoop_fanout::total           726669                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus13.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus14.snoop_filter.tot_requests     11313672                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus14.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      5658154                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus14.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus14.snoop_filter.tot_snoops       105283                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus14.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       105283                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus14.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus14.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::ReadReq          1560258                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::ReadResp         6940003                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::WriteReq            1117                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::WriteResp           1117                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       639057                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::WritebackClean      4423676                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::CleanEvict        573662                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         12141                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         9206                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        21347                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::ReadExReq         211804                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::ReadExResp        211804                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq      4424188                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       955557                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        64381                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        64381                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.pkt_count_system.cpu14.icache.mem_side::system.l214.cpu_side     13272052                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus14.pkt_count_system.cpu14.dcache.mem_side::system.l214.cpu_side      3722955                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus14.pkt_count_system.cpu14.itb.walker.dma::system.l214.cpu_side      2681892                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus14.pkt_count_system.cpu14.dtb.walker.dma::system.l214.cpu_side       436800                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus14.pkt_count::total            20113699                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus14.pkt_size_system.cpu14.icache.mem_side::system.l214.cpu_side    566263296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus14.pkt_size_system.cpu14.dcache.mem_side::system.l214.cpu_side    115618868                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus14.pkt_size_system.cpu14.itb.walker.dma::system.l214.cpu_side     10727568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus14.pkt_size_system.cpu14.dtb.walker.dma::system.l214.cpu_side      1747200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus14.pkt_size::total            694356932                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus14.snoops                        394365                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus14.snoopTraffic                 3096640                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus14.snoop_fanout::samples        7598373                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus14.snoop_fanout::mean          0.013856                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus14.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.116893                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus14.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus14.snoop_fanout::0              7493090     98.61%     98.61% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus14.snoop_fanout::1               105283      1.39%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus14.snoop_fanout::2                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus14.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus14.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus14.snoop_fanout::max_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus14.snoop_fanout::total          7598373                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus14.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus15.snoop_filter.tot_requests       518112                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus15.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       258770                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus15.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus15.snoop_filter.tot_snoops        41430                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus15.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        41430                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus15.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus15.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8683100918703500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::ReadReq            86665                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::ReadResp          332299                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::WriteReq             228                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::WriteResp            228                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        27051                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::WritebackClean       190514                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::CleanEvict         36400                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          2668                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         2119                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         4787                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::ReadExReq          10137                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::ReadExResp         10137                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       191026                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        54608                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         3589                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::InvalidateResp         3589                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.pkt_count_system.cpu15.icache.mem_side::system.l215.cpu_side       572566                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus15.pkt_count_system.cpu15.dcache.mem_side::system.l215.cpu_side       211143                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus15.pkt_count_system.cpu15.itb.walker.dma::system.l215.cpu_side       116178                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus15.pkt_count_system.cpu15.dtb.walker.dma::system.l215.cpu_side        56158                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus15.pkt_count::total              956045                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus15.pkt_size_system.cpu15.icache.mem_side::system.l215.cpu_side     24418560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus15.pkt_size_system.cpu15.dcache.mem_side::system.l215.cpu_side      5877844                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus15.pkt_size_system.cpu15.itb.walker.dma::system.l215.cpu_side       464712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus15.pkt_size_system.cpu15.dtb.walker.dma::system.l215.cpu_side       224632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus15.pkt_size::total             30985748                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus15.snoops                        175990                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus15.snoopTraffic                   43584                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus15.snoop_fanout::samples         518904                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus15.snoop_fanout::mean          0.079841                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus15.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.271048                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus15.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus15.snoop_fanout::0               477474     92.02%     92.02% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus15.snoop_fanout::1                41430      7.98%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus15.snoop_fanout::2                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus15.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus15.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus15.snoop_fanout::max_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus15.snoop_fanout::total           518904                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus15.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
