
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                               8590.906550                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                8590906549813500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               15338029604594500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                2510565                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  2814031                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                           1412629951333                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                5045904                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  6081.50                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 15267996127                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   17113523740                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           625                       # Clock period in ticks
system.bootmem.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu00.dtb.walker      1468928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu00.itb.walker       174656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu00.inst       5529280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu00.data     173107456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu01.dtb.walker        25984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu01.itb.walker        13568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu01.inst       1342336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu01.data       2913664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu02.dtb.walker        51904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu02.itb.walker        38976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu02.inst       3587328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu02.data       7563456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu03.dtb.walker       118464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu03.itb.walker        41024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu03.inst       3395456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu03.data      13929856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu04.dtb.walker       172928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu04.itb.walker        40192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu04.inst       6133440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu04.data       5017856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu05.dtb.walker        35584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu05.itb.walker        37824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu05.inst       2523520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu05.data       5719744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu06.dtb.walker        12480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu06.itb.walker         8512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu06.inst        836288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu06.data       1117248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu07.dtb.walker        13504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu07.itb.walker        15936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu07.inst       1148224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu07.data       2660608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu08.dtb.walker         7296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu08.itb.walker         7488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu08.inst        780736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu08.data        975872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu09.dtb.walker        22144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu09.itb.walker        18496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu09.inst       1718016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu09.data       4204544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu10.dtb.walker      3394048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu10.itb.walker        83648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu10.inst       4397312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu10.data     172310336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu11.dtb.walker        30656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu11.itb.walker        23040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu11.inst       1713984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu11.data       4291456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu12.dtb.walker         7808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu12.itb.walker         6208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu12.inst        699904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu12.data        824064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu13.dtb.walker        49920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu13.itb.walker        22400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu13.inst       1625280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu13.data       1247360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu14.dtb.walker      2069056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu14.itb.walker      1597376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu14.inst      27586752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu14.data      24857600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu15.dtb.walker        76736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu15.itb.walker        36352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu15.inst       3046144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu15.data       4140352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          500668608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu00.inst      5529280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu01.inst      1342336                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu02.inst      3587328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu03.inst      3395456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu04.inst      6133440                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu05.inst      2523520                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu06.inst       836288                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu07.inst      1148224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu08.inst       780736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu09.inst      1718016                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu10.inst      4397312                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu11.inst      1713984                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu12.inst       699904                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu13.inst      1625280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu14.inst     27586752                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu15.inst      3046144                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total      66064000                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks    189042368                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total       189042368                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu00.dtb.walker        22952                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu00.itb.walker         2729                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu00.inst          86395                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu00.data        2704804                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu01.dtb.walker          406                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu01.itb.walker          212                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu01.inst          20974                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu01.data          45526                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu02.dtb.walker          811                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu02.itb.walker          609                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu02.inst          56052                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu02.data         118179                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu03.dtb.walker         1851                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu03.itb.walker          641                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu03.inst          53054                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu03.data         217654                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu04.dtb.walker         2702                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu04.itb.walker          628                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu04.inst          95835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu04.data          78404                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu05.dtb.walker          556                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu05.itb.walker          591                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu05.inst          39430                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu05.data          89371                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu06.dtb.walker          195                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu06.itb.walker          133                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu06.inst          13067                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu06.data          17457                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu07.dtb.walker          211                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu07.itb.walker          249                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu07.inst          17941                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu07.data          41572                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu08.dtb.walker          114                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu08.itb.walker          117                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu08.inst          12199                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu08.data          15248                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu09.dtb.walker          346                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu09.itb.walker          289                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu09.inst          26844                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu09.data          65696                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu10.dtb.walker        53032                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu10.itb.walker         1307                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu10.inst          68708                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu10.data        2692349                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu11.dtb.walker          479                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu11.itb.walker          360                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu11.inst          26781                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu11.data          67054                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu12.dtb.walker          122                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu12.itb.walker           97                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu12.inst          10936                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu12.data          12876                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu13.dtb.walker          780                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu13.itb.walker          350                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu13.inst          25395                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu13.data          19490                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu14.dtb.walker        32329                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu14.itb.walker        24959                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu14.inst         431043                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu14.data         388400                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu15.dtb.walker         1199                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu15.itb.walker          568                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu15.inst          47596                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu15.data          64693                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             7822947                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       2953787                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            2953787                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu00.dtb.walker          171                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu00.itb.walker           20                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu00.inst              644                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu00.data            20150                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu01.dtb.walker            3                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu01.itb.walker            2                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu01.inst              156                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu01.data              339                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu02.dtb.walker            6                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu02.itb.walker            5                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu02.inst              418                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu02.data              880                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu03.dtb.walker           14                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu03.itb.walker            5                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu03.inst              395                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu03.data             1621                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu04.dtb.walker           20                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu04.itb.walker            5                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu04.inst              714                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu04.data              584                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu05.dtb.walker            4                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu05.itb.walker            4                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu05.inst              294                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu05.data              666                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu06.dtb.walker            1                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu06.itb.walker            1                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu06.inst               97                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu06.data              130                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu07.dtb.walker            2                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu07.itb.walker            2                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu07.inst              134                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu07.data              310                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu08.dtb.walker            1                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu08.itb.walker            1                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu08.inst               91                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu08.data              114                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu09.dtb.walker            3                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu09.itb.walker            2                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu09.inst              200                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu09.data              489                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu10.dtb.walker          395                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu10.itb.walker           10                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu10.inst              512                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu10.data            20057                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu11.dtb.walker            4                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu11.itb.walker            3                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu11.inst              200                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu11.data              500                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu12.dtb.walker            1                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu12.itb.walker            1                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu12.inst               81                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu12.data               96                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu13.dtb.walker            6                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu13.itb.walker            3                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu13.inst              189                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu13.data              145                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu14.dtb.walker          241                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu14.itb.walker          186                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu14.inst             3211                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu14.data             2893                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu15.dtb.walker            9                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu15.itb.walker            4                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu15.inst              355                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu15.data              482                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total                 58279                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu00.inst          644                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu01.inst          156                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu02.inst          418                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu03.inst          395                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu04.inst          714                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu05.inst          294                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu06.inst           97                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu07.inst          134                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu08.inst           91                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu09.inst          200                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu10.inst          512                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu11.inst          200                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu12.inst           81                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu13.inst          189                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu14.inst         3211                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu15.inst          355                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total             7690                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks           22005                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total                22005                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks           22005                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu00.dtb.walker          171                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu00.itb.walker           20                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu00.inst             644                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu00.data           20150                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu01.dtb.walker            3                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu01.itb.walker            2                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu01.inst             156                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu01.data             339                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu02.dtb.walker            6                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu02.itb.walker            5                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu02.inst             418                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu02.data             880                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu03.dtb.walker           14                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu03.itb.walker            5                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu03.inst             395                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu03.data            1621                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu04.dtb.walker           20                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu04.itb.walker            5                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu04.inst             714                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu04.data             584                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu05.dtb.walker            4                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu05.itb.walker            4                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu05.inst             294                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu05.data             666                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu06.dtb.walker            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu06.itb.walker            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu06.inst              97                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu06.data             130                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu07.dtb.walker            2                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu07.itb.walker            2                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu07.inst             134                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu07.data             310                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu08.dtb.walker            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu08.itb.walker            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu08.inst              91                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu08.data             114                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu09.dtb.walker            3                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu09.itb.walker            2                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu09.inst             200                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu09.data             489                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu10.dtb.walker          395                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu10.itb.walker           10                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu10.inst             512                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu10.data           20057                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu11.dtb.walker            4                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu11.itb.walker            3                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu11.inst             200                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu11.data             500                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu12.dtb.walker            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu12.itb.walker            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu12.inst              81                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu12.data              96                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu13.dtb.walker            6                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu13.itb.walker            3                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu13.inst             189                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu13.data             145                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu14.dtb.walker          241                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu14.itb.walker          186                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu14.inst            3211                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu14.data            2893                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu15.dtb.walker            9                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu15.itb.walker            4                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu15.inst             355                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu15.data             482                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total                80284                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                           0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                          0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                       0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                       0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                    0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::16                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::17                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::18                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::19                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::20                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::21                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::22                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::23                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::24                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::25                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::26                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::27                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::28                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::29                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::30                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::31                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::16                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::17                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::18                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::19                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::20                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::21                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::22                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::23                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::24                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::25                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::26                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::27                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::28                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::29                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::30                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::31                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                             0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::64                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::65                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::66                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::67                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::68                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::69                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::70                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::71                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::72                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::73                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::74                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::75                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::76                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::77                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::78                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::79                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::80                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::81                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::82                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::83                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::84                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::85                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::86                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::87                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::88                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::89                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::90                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::91                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::92                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::93                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::94                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::95                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::96                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::97                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::98                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::99                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::100                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::101                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::102                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::103                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::104                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::105                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::106                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::107                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::108                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::109                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::110                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::111                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::112                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::113                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::114                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::115                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::116                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::117                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::118                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::119                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::120                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::121                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::122                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::123                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::124                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::125                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::126                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::127                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                            0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat                       0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                          nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                        nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                     nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                         0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      19207.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                       0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                           nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                      nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         1402035948929534                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           1402035948929534                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            163.200000                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime                    0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 15338029604594500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         1402035948929534                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           1402035948929534                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            163.200000                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime                    0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 15338029604594500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.preBackEnergy         1402035948929534                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.actPowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.prePowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.totalEnergy           1402035948929534                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.averagePower            163.200000                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_2.totalIdleTime                    0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::IDLE 15338029604594500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.preBackEnergy         1402035948929534                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.actPowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.prePowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.totalEnergy           1402035948929534                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.averagePower            163.200000                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_3.totalIdleTime                    0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::IDLE 15338029604594500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cf0.dma_read_full_pages                     32                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_bytes                      131072                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_txs                            32                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_write_full_pages                  8325                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_bytes                   34099200                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_txs                         8325                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walks                 1013681                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walksLong             1013681                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples      1013681                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0       1013681    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total      1013681                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples     15751648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walksPending::0      15751648    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walksPending::total     15751648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K      1002589     99.63%     99.63% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M         1656      0.16%     99.79% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G         2078      0.21%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total      1006323                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data      1013681                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total      1013681                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data      1006323                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total      1006323                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total      2020004                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                  647348930                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                   983630                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                 710854732                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                   30051                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10485                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    72                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                    782                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                 4153                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                     310                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses              648332560                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses             710884783                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                      1358203662                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                       1013681                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                  1359217343                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walks                   96550                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walksLong               96550                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        96550                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         96550    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        96550                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walksPending::samples     15775648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walksPending::0      15775648    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walksPending::total     15775648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        96264     99.85%     99.85% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          143      0.15%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        96407                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        96550                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        96550                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        96407                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        96407                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total       192957                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                11728680374                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                    96550                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10485                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    72                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                    448                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses            11728776924                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                     11728680374                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                         96550                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                 11728776924                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numPwrStateTransitions             11447                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         5724                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   1499715979787.335693                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  9467213962011.300781                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows         1976     34.52%     34.52% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         3583     62.60%     97.12% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::1e+11-1.5e+11            1      0.02%     97.13% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::2.5e+11-3e+11            1      0.02%     97.15% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::3e+11-3.5e+11            1      0.02%     97.17% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::7.5e+11-8e+11            1      0.02%     97.19% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows          161      2.81%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 79871113150944                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::total          5724                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  6532281510790                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 8584374268302710                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.numCycles                   30627547119012                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu00.kern.inst.quiesce                   5724                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu00.committedInsts               11728767996                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                 13064557497                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.committedUserInsts           11665798857                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses         11857259420                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_vec_alu_accesses               27484                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                 625286066                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts   1293509554                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                11857259420                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_vec_insts                      27484                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads       17613816885                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes       8849996161                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_vec_register_reads             31873                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu00.num_vec_register_writes            15787                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu00.num_cc_register_reads        38938194678                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu00.num_cc_register_writes        8805099287                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                  1454735692                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                 743377640                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                711358052                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles             30604258801498.589844                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles             23288317513.410664                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction               0.000760                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                   0.999240                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.Branches                      1882865949                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu00.op_class::No_OpClass                 688      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IntAlu             11488448615     87.94%     87.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IntMult              120353906      0.92%     88.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IntDiv                   43304      0.00%     88.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     88.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     88.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     88.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     88.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     88.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     88.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMisc                    2      0.00%     88.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     88.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAdd                   2141      0.00%     88.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     88.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAlu                   4507      0.00%     88.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdCmp                   2752      0.00%     88.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     88.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdMisc                  2119      0.00%     88.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     88.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     88.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     88.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     88.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     88.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     88.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     88.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     88.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     88.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     88.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatMisc           972556      0.01%     88.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     88.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     88.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     88.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead              743377640      5.69%     94.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite             711358052      5.44%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::total              13064566282                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         446.202088                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.total_refs        1359186642                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.sampled_refs        10749749                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.avg_refs          126.438919                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   446.202088                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.871488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.871488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          415                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          415                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.810547                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.tag_accesses      2729126361                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.data_accesses     2729126361                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu00.data    638099766                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total     638099766                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu00.data    708511041                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total    708511041                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu00.data       164314                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total       164314                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu00.data         1779                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         1779                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu00.data       813861                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       813861                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu00.data       805704                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       805704                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::cpu00.data   1346612586                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total     1346612586                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::cpu00.data   1346776900                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total    1346776900                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu00.data      9215472                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      9215472                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu00.data      1137730                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1137730                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu00.data        16639                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        16639                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu00.data       399765                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total       399765                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu00.data         7985                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         7985                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu00.data        12586                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        12586                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::cpu00.data     10752967                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total     10752967                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::cpu00.data     10769606                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total     10769606                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu00.data    647315238                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    647315238                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu00.data    709648771                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    709648771                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu00.data       180953                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total       180953                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu00.data       401544                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total       401544                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu00.data       821846                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       821846                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu00.data       818290                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       818290                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu00.data   1357365553                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total   1357365553                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu00.data   1357546506                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total   1357546506                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.014236                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014236                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.001603                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001603                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.091952                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.091952                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.995570                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.995570                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.009716                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.009716                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.015381                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.015381                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.007922                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.007922                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.007933                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.007933                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      2169967                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total         2169967                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements             10705812                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.icache.tags.tagsinuse         511.999995                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.tags.total_refs       11728776781                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.tags.sampled_refs         5570641                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.tags.avg_refs         2105.462689                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst   511.999995                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu00.icache.tags.tag_accesses     23463124203                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu00.icache.tags.data_accesses    23463124203                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu00.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu00.inst  11723206140                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total   11723206140                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::cpu00.inst  11723206140                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total    11723206140                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::cpu00.inst  11723206140                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total   11723206140                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu00.inst      5570641                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      5570641                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::cpu00.inst      5570641                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total      5570641                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::cpu00.inst      5570641                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total      5570641                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu00.inst  11728776781                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total  11728776781                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::cpu00.inst  11728776781                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total  11728776781                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::cpu00.inst  11728776781                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total  11728776781                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.000475                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000475                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.000475                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000475                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.000475                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000475                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.writebacks::writebacks      5570129                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.icache.writebacks::total         5570129                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.icache.replacements              5570129                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walks                   10995                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walksLong               10995                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        10995                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         10995    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        10995                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples     15753148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walksPending::0      15753148    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walksPending::total     15753148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K         8935     98.82%     98.82% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           89      0.98%     99.80% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G           18      0.20%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total         9042                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        10995                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        10995                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data         9042                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total         9042                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        20037                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                    4374849                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                    10266                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                   2358174                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                     729                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10485                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    72                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                    341                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                  128                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                     160                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                4385115                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses               2358903                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                         6733023                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                         10995                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                     6744018                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walks                   12388                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walksLong               12388                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        12388                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         12388    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        12388                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walksPending::samples     15777148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walksPending::0      15777148    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walksPending::total     15777148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        12177     99.75%     99.75% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           31      0.25%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        12208                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        12388                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        12388                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        12208                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        12208                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        24596                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                   19449260                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                    12388                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10485                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    72                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                    129                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses               19461648                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                        19449260                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                         12388                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                    19461648                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numPwrStateTransitions               515                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          258                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   33298044364947.792969                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  275752161832724.062500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows           99     38.37%     38.37% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10          107     41.47%     79.84% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::2.5e+11-3e+11            1      0.39%     80.23% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows           51     19.77%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          501                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 4413072563111500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           258                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   11103656969                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 8590895446156531                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.numCycles                   8355667973661                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu01.kern.inst.quiesce                    258                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                  19458713                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                    22204477                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.committedUserInsts              10414229                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses            20087166                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_vec_alu_accesses               35722                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                    773580                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts      3992549                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                   20087166                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_vec_insts                      35722                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads          27219510                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes         15927598                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_vec_register_reads             45398                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu01.num_vec_register_writes            27522                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu01.num_cc_register_reads            6611928                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu01.num_cc_register_writes           6564648                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                     6730869                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                   4372489                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                  2358380                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles             8355657174047.433594                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles             10799613.566790                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction               0.000001                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                   0.999999                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.Branches                         4940978                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu01.op_class::No_OpClass                1314      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IntAlu                15410837     69.40%     69.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IntMult                  36392      0.16%     69.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IntDiv                    6552      0.03%     69.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     69.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     69.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     69.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     69.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     69.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     69.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMisc                    2      0.00%     69.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     69.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAdd                   3915      0.02%     69.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     69.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAlu                   8106      0.04%     69.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdCmp                   5256      0.02%     69.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     69.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdMisc                  3989      0.02%     69.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     69.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     69.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     69.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     69.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     69.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     69.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     69.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     69.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     69.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     69.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     69.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     69.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     69.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     69.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead                4372489     19.69%     89.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite               2358380     10.62%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::total                 22207232                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         378.404199                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.total_refs           6741478                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          173629                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.avg_refs           38.826913                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054782000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.data   378.404199                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.739071                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.739071                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          404                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          404                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.789062                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        13656585                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.data_accesses       13656585                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu01.data      4110490                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       4110490                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu01.data      2237062                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      2237062                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu01.data        60638                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        60638                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu01.data         1296                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         1296                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu01.data        76591                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        76591                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu01.data        71957                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        71957                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::cpu01.data      6348848                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total        6348848                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::cpu01.data      6409486                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total       6409486                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu01.data       131744                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       131744                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu01.data        30369                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        30369                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu01.data         3016                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         3016                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu01.data        12691                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        12691                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu01.data          578                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          578                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu01.data         5046                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         5046                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::cpu01.data       174804                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total       174804                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::cpu01.data       177820                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total       177820                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu01.data      4242234                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      4242234                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu01.data      2267431                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      2267431                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu01.data        63654                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        63654                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu01.data        13987                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        13987                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu01.data        77169                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        77169                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu01.data        77003                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        77003                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu01.data      6523652                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total      6523652                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu01.data      6587306                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total      6587306                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.031055                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.031055                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.013394                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.013394                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.047381                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.047381                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.907343                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.907343                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.007490                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.007490                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.065530                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.065530                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.026795                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.026795                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.026994                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.026994                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        90385                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total           90385                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements               169620                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.icache.tags.tagsinuse         511.517587                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.tags.total_refs          19461468                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.tags.sampled_refs          143746                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.tags.avg_refs          135.387893                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054781500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst   511.517587                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.999058                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999058                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu01.icache.tags.tag_accesses        39066682                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu01.icache.tags.data_accesses       39066682                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu01.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu01.inst     19317722                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      19317722                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::cpu01.inst     19317722                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total       19317722                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::cpu01.inst     19317722                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total      19317722                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu01.inst       143746                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       143746                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::cpu01.inst       143746                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total       143746                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::cpu01.inst       143746                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total       143746                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu01.inst     19461468                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     19461468                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::cpu01.inst     19461468                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total     19461468                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::cpu01.inst     19461468                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total     19461468                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu01.inst     0.007386                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.007386                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu01.inst     0.007386                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.007386                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu01.inst     0.007386                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.007386                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.writebacks::writebacks       143234                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.icache.writebacks::total          143234                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.icache.replacements               143234                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walks                   26077                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walksLong               26077                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        26077                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         26077    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        26077                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples   -968959796                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walksPending::0    -968959796    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walksPending::total   -968959796                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        24303     98.38%     98.38% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          275      1.11%     99.49% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G          126      0.51%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        24704                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        26077                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        26077                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        24704                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        24704                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        50781                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                    9209148                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                    24359                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                   5910441                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                    1718                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10485                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    72                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                    873                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                  575                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                     384                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                9233507                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses               5912159                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                        15119589                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                         26077                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                    15145666                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walks                   38196                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walksLong               38196                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        38196                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         38196    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        38196                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walksPending::samples   -968653796                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walksPending::0    -968653796    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walksPending::total   -968653796                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        37722     99.57%     99.57% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          163      0.43%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        37885                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        38196                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        38196                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        37885                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        37885                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        76081                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                   40695794                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                    38196                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10485                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    72                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                    384                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses               40733990                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                        40695794                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                         38196                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                    40733990                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numPwrStateTransitions              1241                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          621                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   13054570348564.826172                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  179457411237491.687500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          369     59.42%     59.42% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10          200     32.21%     91.63% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::2e+11-2.5e+11            1      0.16%     91.79% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::5e+11-5.5e+11            1      0.16%     91.95% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows           50      8.05%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          501                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 4446116229513500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           621                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  484018363354743                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 8106888186458757                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.numCycles                   21783826750783                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu02.kern.inst.quiesce                    621                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                  40730238                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                    47653177                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.committedUserInsts              19224007                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses            43895380                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_vec_alu_accesses              104860                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                   1918224                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts      6720702                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                   43895380                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_vec_insts                     104860                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads          60960788                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes         35156486                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_vec_register_reads            137692                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu02.num_vec_register_writes            77442                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu02.num_cc_register_reads           12031320                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu02.num_cc_register_writes          11880180                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                    15112474                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                   9202515                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                  5909959                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles             21783766329534.898438                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles             60421248.102699                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction               0.000003                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                   0.999997                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.Branches                         9060188                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu02.op_class::No_OpClass                3561      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IntAlu                32377130     67.94%     67.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IntMult                  81455      0.17%     68.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IntDiv                   18579      0.04%     68.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatAdd                     5      0.00%     68.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     68.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatCvt                     5      0.00%     68.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMult                    1      0.00%     68.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     68.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatDiv                     2      0.00%     68.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMisc                   10      0.00%     68.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     68.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAdd                  12014      0.03%     68.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     68.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAlu                  25308      0.05%     68.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdCmp                  14244      0.03%     68.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     68.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdMisc                 11830      0.02%     68.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     68.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     68.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     68.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     68.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     68.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     68.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     68.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     68.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     68.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     68.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     68.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     68.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     68.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     68.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                9202515     19.31%     87.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite               5909959     12.40%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::total                 47656618                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         395.512996                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.total_refs          15092476                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          433022                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.avg_refs           34.853832                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    7231117589761000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.data   395.512996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.772486                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.772486                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          418                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          418                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.816406                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        30714116                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.data_accesses       30714116                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu02.data      8594009                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8594009                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu02.data      5584190                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      5584190                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu02.data       123321                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total       123321                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu02.data         4173                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         4173                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu02.data       172209                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       172209                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu02.data       164518                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       164518                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::cpu02.data     14182372                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total       14182372                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::cpu02.data     14305693                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total      14305693                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu02.data       330775                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       330775                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu02.data        75014                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        75014                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu02.data         8937                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         8937                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu02.data        24479                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        24479                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu02.data         1598                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1598                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu02.data         9132                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         9132                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::cpu02.data       430268                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total       430268                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::cpu02.data       439205                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total       439205                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu02.data      8924784                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8924784                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu02.data      5659204                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      5659204                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu02.data       132258                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total       132258                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu02.data        28652                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        28652                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu02.data       173807                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       173807                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu02.data       173650                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       173650                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu02.data     14612640                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14612640                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu02.data     14744898                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14744898                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.037063                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.037063                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.013255                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.013255                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.067572                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.067572                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.854356                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.854356                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.009194                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.009194                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.052589                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.052589                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.029445                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.029445                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.029787                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.029787                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       226142                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total          226142                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements               425603                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.icache.tags.tagsinuse         483.154938                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.tags.total_refs          40733679                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.tags.sampled_refs          493062                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.tags.avg_refs           82.613706                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    7231117589756000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   483.154938                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.943662                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.943662                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu02.icache.tags.tag_accesses        81960420                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu02.icache.tags.data_accesses       81960420                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu02.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu02.inst     40240617                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      40240617                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::cpu02.inst     40240617                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total       40240617                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::cpu02.inst     40240617                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total      40240617                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu02.inst       493062                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       493062                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::cpu02.inst       493062                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total       493062                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::cpu02.inst       493062                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total       493062                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu02.inst     40733679                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     40733679                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::cpu02.inst     40733679                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total     40733679                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::cpu02.inst     40733679                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total     40733679                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu02.inst     0.012105                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.012105                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu02.inst     0.012105                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012105                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu02.inst     0.012105                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012105                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.writebacks::writebacks       492550                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.icache.writebacks::total          492550                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.icache.replacements               492550                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walks                   64935                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walksLong               64935                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        64935                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         64935    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        64935                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples   1241183204                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walksPending::0    1241183204    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walksPending::total   1241183204                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        60937     99.33%     99.33% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          360      0.59%     99.91% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G           53      0.09%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        61350                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        64935                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        64935                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        61350                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        61350                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total       126285                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                  240077090                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                    55861                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                 196286962                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                    9074                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10485                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    72                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                    600                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                  783                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                     224                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses              240132951                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses             196296036                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                       436364052                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                         64935                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                   436428987                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walks                  177203                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walksLong              177203                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples       177203                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0        177203    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total       177203                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walksPending::samples   1191212704                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walksPending::0    1191212704    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walksPending::total   1191212704                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K       175455     99.14%     99.14% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M         1525      0.86%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total       176980                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst       177203                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total       177203                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst       176980                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total       176980                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total       354183                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                 1961628449                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                   177203                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10485                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    72                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                    363                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses             1961805652                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                      1961628449                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                        177203                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                  1961805652                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numPwrStateTransitions               579                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          290                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   29620020503790.425781                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  318441848744248.187500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          135     46.55%     46.55% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10          134     46.21%     92.76% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows           21      7.24%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          501                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 4446612224585500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           290                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  1100603714277                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 8589805946099223                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.numCycles                   21782834760308                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu03.kern.inst.quiesce                    290                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                1961799391                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                  2201201273                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.committedUserInsts            1929811723                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses          1961506987                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                   16                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_vec_alu_accesses              158790                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                  91854722                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts    246783352                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                 1961506987                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                          16                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_vec_insts                     158790                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads        3048981787                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes       1376622045                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                 16                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_vec_register_reads            181962                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu03.num_vec_register_writes            56574                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu03.num_cc_register_reads         6465690788                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu03.num_cc_register_writes        1283825217                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                   454957278                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                 253628298                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                201328980                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles             21780044103875.195312                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles             2790656432.803269                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction               0.000128                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                   0.999872                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.Branches                       344191852                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu03.op_class::No_OpClass                2767      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IntAlu              1727790694     78.49%     78.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IntMult               17551954      0.80%     79.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IntDiv                   25790      0.00%     79.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     79.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     79.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     79.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     79.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     79.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     79.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     79.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     79.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAdd                   8481      0.00%     79.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     79.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAlu                  17527      0.00%     79.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdCmp                  11068      0.00%     79.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     79.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdMisc                  9481      0.00%     79.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     79.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     79.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     79.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     79.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     79.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     79.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     79.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     79.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     79.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     79.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatMisc           832271      0.04%     79.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     79.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     79.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     79.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead              253628298     11.52%     90.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite             201328964      9.15%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMemWrite               16      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::total               2201207311                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         368.688218                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.total_refs         436407880                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         1995460                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.avg_refs          218.700390                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   368.688218                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.720094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.720094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          348                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          348                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.679688                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       874831572                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.data_accesses      874831572                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu03.data    238080068                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total     238080068                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu03.data    194929886                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total    194929886                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu03.data       109718                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total       109718                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu03.data         3669                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         3669                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu03.data       632306                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       632306                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu03.data       624374                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       624374                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::cpu03.data    433013623                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total      433013623                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::cpu03.data    433123341                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total     433123341                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu03.data      1290281                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1290281                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu03.data       515130                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       515130                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu03.data        13901                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        13901                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu03.data       196105                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total       196105                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu03.data         2288                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         2288                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu03.data        10154                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        10154                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::cpu03.data      2001516                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total      2001516                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::cpu03.data      2015417                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total      2015417                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu03.data    239370349                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    239370349                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu03.data    195445016                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    195445016                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu03.data       123619                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total       123619                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu03.data       199774                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total       199774                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu03.data       634594                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       634594                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu03.data       634528                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       634528                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu03.data    435015139                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total    435015139                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu03.data    435138758                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total    435138758                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.005390                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.005390                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.002636                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.002636                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.112450                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.112450                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.981634                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.981634                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.003605                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.003605                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.016002                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.016002                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.004601                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004601                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.004632                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004632                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      1149591                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total         1149591                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements              1977222                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.icache.tags.tagsinuse         493.971754                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.tags.total_refs        1961805429                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.tags.sampled_refs         5240989                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.tags.avg_refs          374.319700                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst   493.971754                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.964789                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.964789                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu03.icache.tags.tag_accesses      3928851847                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu03.icache.tags.data_accesses     3928851847                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu03.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu03.inst   1956564440                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total    1956564440                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::cpu03.inst   1956564440                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total     1956564440                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::cpu03.inst   1956564440                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total    1956564440                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu03.inst      5240989                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      5240989                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::cpu03.inst      5240989                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total      5240989                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::cpu03.inst      5240989                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total      5240989                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu03.inst   1961805429                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1961805429                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::cpu03.inst   1961805429                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total   1961805429                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::cpu03.inst   1961805429                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total   1961805429                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu03.inst     0.002672                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002672                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu03.inst     0.002672                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002672                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu03.inst     0.002672                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002672                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.writebacks::writebacks      5240477                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.icache.writebacks::total         5240477                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.icache.replacements              5240477                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walks                  297568                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walksLong              297568                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples       297568                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0        297568    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total       297568                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples     15751648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walksPending::0      15751648    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walksPending::total     15751648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K       292379     98.27%     98.27% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M         4873      1.64%     99.91% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G          282      0.09%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total       297534                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data       297568                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total       297568                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data       297534                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total       297534                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total       595102                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                   26666209                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                   285851                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                  22858075                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                   11717                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10485                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    72                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                    239                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                10006                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                     103                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses               26952060                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses              22869792                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                        49524284                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                        297568                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                    49821852                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walks                  538183                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walksLong              538183                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples       538183                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0        538183    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total       538183                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walksPending::samples     15759148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walksPending::0      15759148    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walksPending::total     15759148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K       533281     99.09%     99.09% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M         4886      0.91%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total       538167                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst       538183                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total       538183                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst       538167                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total       538167                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total      1076350                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                  133316181                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                   538183                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10485                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    72                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                    128                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses              133854364                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                       133316181                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                        538183                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                   133854364                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numPwrStateTransitions              9401                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         4701                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   1827446548828.846191                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  8285258247803.351562                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          349      7.42%      7.42% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         4009     85.28%     92.70% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::1e+11-1.5e+11            1      0.02%     92.72% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::1.5e+11-2e+11            1      0.02%     92.75% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::2e+11-2.5e+11            2      0.04%     92.79% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::4e+11-4.5e+11            1      0.02%     92.81% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::4.5e+11-5e+11            3      0.06%     92.87% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::5e+11-5.5e+11            2      0.04%     92.92% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::7e+11-7.5e+11            2      0.04%     92.96% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::7.5e+11-8e+11            1      0.02%     92.98% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::9.5e+11-1e+12            1      0.02%     93.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows          329      7.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 85332409769192                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::total          4701                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   80323769094                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 8590826226044406                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.numCycles                   30676059108840                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu04.kern.inst.quiesce                   4701                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                 133835644                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                   160632235                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.committedUserInsts              43332388                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses           148108186                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_vec_alu_accesses             3021705                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                   9859287                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts     18128821                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                  148108186                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_vec_insts                    3021705                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads         211436789                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes        117436417                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_vec_register_reads           4407433                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu04.num_vec_register_writes          2688230                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu04.num_cc_register_reads           31116480                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu04.num_cc_register_writes          30047655                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                    49720872                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                  26861331                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                 22859541                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles             30675772292033.472656                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles             286816806.529604                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction               0.000009                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                   0.999991                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.Branches                        29576707                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu04.op_class::No_OpClass              131343      0.08%      0.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IntAlu               108018750     67.24%     67.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IntMult                 330389      0.21%     67.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IntDiv                  101927      0.06%     67.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     67.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     67.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     67.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     67.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     67.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     67.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     67.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     67.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAdd                 439923      0.27%     67.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     67.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAlu                 940341      0.59%     68.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdCmp                 525372      0.33%     68.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     68.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdMisc                442022      0.28%     69.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     69.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     69.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     69.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     69.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     69.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     69.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     69.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     69.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     69.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     69.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     69.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     69.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     69.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     69.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead               26861331     16.72%     85.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite              22859541     14.23%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::total                160650939                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         465.693438                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.total_refs          49808590                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         1830426                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.avg_refs           27.211474                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.data   465.693438                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.909557                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.909557                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          509                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          235                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          154                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          120                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.994141                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       101447606                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.data_accesses      101447606                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu04.data     24811196                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      24811196                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu04.data     21955649                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     21955649                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu04.data       242124                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total       242124                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu04.data        20591                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total        20591                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu04.data       447611                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       447611                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu04.data       414624                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       414624                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::cpu04.data     46787436                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total       46787436                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::cpu04.data     47029560                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total      47029560                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu04.data      1366592                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1366592                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu04.data       314944                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       314944                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu04.data        62539                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        62539                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu04.data       113944                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total       113944                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu04.data        13202                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        13202                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu04.data        45574                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        45574                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::cpu04.data      1795480                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total      1795480                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::cpu04.data      1858019                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total      1858019                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu04.data     26177788                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     26177788                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu04.data     22270593                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     22270593                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu04.data       304663                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total       304663                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu04.data       134535                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total       134535                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu04.data       460813                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       460813                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu04.data       460198                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       460198                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu04.data     48582916                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total     48582916                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu04.data     48887579                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total     48887579                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.052204                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.052204                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.014142                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.014142                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.205273                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.205273                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.846947                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.846947                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.028649                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.028649                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.099031                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.099031                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.036957                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.036957                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.038006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.038006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       770413                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total          770413                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements              1772417                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.icache.tags.tagsinuse         511.739249                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.tags.total_refs         133854348                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.tags.sampled_refs         5057811                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.tags.avg_refs           26.464877                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst   511.739249                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.999491                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999491                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          479                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu04.icache.tags.tag_accesses       272766507                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu04.icache.tags.data_accesses      272766507                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu04.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu04.inst    128796537                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     128796537                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::cpu04.inst    128796537                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total      128796537                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::cpu04.inst    128796537                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total     128796537                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu04.inst      5057811                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      5057811                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::cpu04.inst      5057811                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total      5057811                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::cpu04.inst      5057811                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total      5057811                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu04.inst    133854348                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    133854348                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::cpu04.inst    133854348                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total    133854348                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::cpu04.inst    133854348                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total    133854348                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu04.inst     0.037786                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.037786                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu04.inst     0.037786                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.037786                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu04.inst     0.037786                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.037786                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.writebacks::writebacks      5057299                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.icache.writebacks::total         5057299                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.icache.replacements              5057299                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walks                   17605                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walksLong               17605                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        17605                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         17605    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        17605                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples   1097546316                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walksPending::0    1097546316    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walksPending::total   1097546316                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        15846     98.88%     98.88% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          139      0.87%     99.75% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G           40      0.25%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        16025                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        17605                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        17605                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        16025                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        16025                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        33630                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                    6645583                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                    16208                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                   4027776                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                    1397                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10485                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    72                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                   1939                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                  404                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                     481                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                6661791                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses               4029173                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                        10673359                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                         17605                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                    10690964                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walks                   24733                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walksLong               24733                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        24733                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         24733    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        24733                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walksPending::samples   1097541316                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walksPending::0    1097541316    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walksPending::total   1097541316                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        24325     99.28%     99.28% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          176      0.72%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        24501                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        24733                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        24733                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        24501                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        24501                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        49234                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                   29005853                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                    24733                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10485                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    72                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                   1677                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses               29030586                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                        29005853                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                         24733                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                    29030586                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numPwrStateTransitions               963                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          482                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   16819253446156.351562                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  33923354438133.550781                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          213     44.19%     44.19% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10          170     35.27%     79.46% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::2.5e+11-3e+11            1      0.21%     79.67% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows           98     20.33%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          501                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 87371084606500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           482                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  484026388766139                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 8106880161047361                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.numCycles                   30668165635156                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu05.kern.inst.quiesce                    482                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                  29027180                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                    33701584                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.committedUserInsts              14605484                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses            30930859                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_vec_alu_accesses               62693                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                   1319328                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts      5152320                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                   30930859                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_vec_insts                      62693                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads          42172484                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes         24618379                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_vec_register_reads             79066                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu05.num_vec_register_writes            44983                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu05.num_cc_register_reads            8765488                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu05.num_cc_register_writes           8659944                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                    10662920                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                   6634833                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                  4028087                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles             30668105474746.097656                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles             60160409.904983                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction               0.000002                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                   0.999998                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.Branches                         6774636                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu05.op_class::No_OpClass                2079      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IntAlu                22934469     68.05%     68.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IntMult                  56707      0.17%     68.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IntDiv                   13437      0.04%     68.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     68.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     68.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     68.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     68.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     68.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     68.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMisc                    4      0.00%     68.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     68.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAdd                   6554      0.02%     68.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     68.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAlu                  13730      0.04%     68.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdCmp                   8316      0.02%     68.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     68.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdMisc                  6542      0.02%     68.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     68.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     68.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     68.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     68.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     68.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     68.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     68.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     68.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     68.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     68.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     68.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     68.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     68.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     68.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                6634833     19.69%     88.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite               4028087     11.95%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::total                 33704758                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         381.604780                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.total_refs          10687961                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          317012                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.avg_refs           33.714689                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    7231132591143500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu05.data   381.604780                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.745322                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.745322                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          408                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          408                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.796875                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        21692934                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.data_accesses       21692934                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu05.data      6214152                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       6214152                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu05.data      3817188                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3817188                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu05.data        89356                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        89356                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu05.data         2052                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         2052                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu05.data       119753                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       119753                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu05.data       112277                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       112277                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::cpu05.data     10033392                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total       10033392                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::cpu05.data     10122748                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total      10122748                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu05.data       228363                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       228363                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu05.data        60289                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        60289                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu05.data         7111                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         7111                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu05.data        27871                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        27871                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu05.data         1122                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1122                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu05.data         8427                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         8427                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::cpu05.data       316523                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total       316523                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::cpu05.data       323634                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total       323634                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu05.data      6442515                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6442515                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu05.data      3877477                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3877477                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu05.data        96467                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        96467                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu05.data        29923                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        29923                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu05.data       120875                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       120875                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu05.data       120704                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       120704                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu05.data     10349915                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total     10349915                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu05.data     10446382                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total     10446382                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.035446                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.035446                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.015549                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.015549                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.073714                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.073714                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.931424                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.931424                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.009282                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.009282                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.069815                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.069815                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.030582                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.030582                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.030980                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.030980                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       172752                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total          172752                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements               308537                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.icache.tags.tagsinuse         483.154046                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.tags.total_refs          29030354                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.tags.sampled_refs          266609                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.tags.avg_refs          108.887374                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    7231132591138500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   483.154046                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.943660                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.943660                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu05.icache.tags.tag_accesses        58327317                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu05.icache.tags.data_accesses       58327317                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu05.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu05.inst     28763745                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      28763745                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::cpu05.inst     28763745                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total       28763745                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::cpu05.inst     28763745                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total      28763745                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu05.inst       266609                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       266609                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::cpu05.inst       266609                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total       266609                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::cpu05.inst       266609                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total       266609                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu05.inst     29030354                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     29030354                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::cpu05.inst     29030354                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total     29030354                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::cpu05.inst     29030354                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total     29030354                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu05.inst     0.009184                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009184                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu05.inst     0.009184                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009184                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu05.inst     0.009184                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009184                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.writebacks::writebacks       266097                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.icache.writebacks::total          266097                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.icache.replacements               266097                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walks                    4121                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walksLong                4121                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples         4121                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0          4121    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total         4121                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples     26534908                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walksPending::0      26534908    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walksPending::total     26534908                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K         2856     99.03%     99.03% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           25      0.87%     99.90% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G            3      0.10%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total         2884                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data         4121                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total         4121                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data         2884                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total         2884                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total         7005                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                    1911825                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                     3802                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                   1051786                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                     319                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10485                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    72                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                    158                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                   56                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                      64                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                1915627                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses               1052105                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                         2963611                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                          4121                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                     2967732                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walks                    7177                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walksLong                7177                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples         7177                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0          7177    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total         7177                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walksPending::samples    -25213592                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walksPending::0     -25213592    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walksPending::total    -25213592                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K         7072     99.84%     99.84% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           11      0.16%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total         7083                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst         7177                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total         7177                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst         7083                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total         7083                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        14260                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                    8959501                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                     7177                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10485                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    72                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                     64                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                8966678                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                         8959501                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                          7177                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                     8966678                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numPwrStateTransitions               311                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          156                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   55069881417201.523438                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  458848875128860.250000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows           62     39.74%     39.74% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           89     57.05%     96.79% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::3.5e+11-4e+11            1      0.64%     97.44% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows            4      2.56%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          501                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 4413072561345500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           156                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    5048730062                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 8590901501083438                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.numCycles                   21849914086654                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu06.kern.inst.quiesce                    156                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                   8964908                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                    10095735                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.committedUserInsts               3969946                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses             8999151                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_vec_alu_accesses                9258                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                    364727                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts      2029795                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                    8999151                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_vec_insts                       9258                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads          12300725                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes          7077249                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_vec_register_reads              9643                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu06.num_vec_register_writes             5117                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu06.num_cc_register_reads            3283905                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu06.num_cc_register_writes           3278583                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                     2962146                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                   1910251                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                  1051895                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles             21849901245855.539062                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles             12840798.460863                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction               0.000001                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                   0.999999                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.Branches                         2460285                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu06.op_class::No_OpClass                 203      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IntAlu                 7115064     70.46%     70.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IntMult                  15439      0.15%     70.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IntDiv                    1417      0.01%     70.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     70.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     70.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     70.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     70.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     70.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     70.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     70.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     70.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAdd                    569      0.01%     70.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     70.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAlu                   1167      0.01%     70.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdCmp                    812      0.01%     70.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     70.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdMisc                   594      0.01%     70.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     70.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     70.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     70.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     70.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     70.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     70.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     70.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     70.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     70.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     70.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     70.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     70.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     70.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     70.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                1910251     18.92%     89.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite               1051895     10.42%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::total                 10097411                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         379.060689                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.total_refs           2965551                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           81122                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.avg_refs           36.556680                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.data   379.060689                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.740353                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.740353                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          410                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          410                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.800781                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         6013376                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.data_accesses        6013376                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu06.data      1782810                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1782810                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu06.data       991435                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       991435                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu06.data        31603                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        31603                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu06.data          698                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total          698                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu06.data        37697                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        37697                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu06.data        35764                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        35764                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::cpu06.data      2774943                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total        2774943                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::cpu06.data      2806546                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total       2806546                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu06.data        60343                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        60343                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu06.data        14027                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        14027                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu06.data         1509                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         1509                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu06.data         7218                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total         7218                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu06.data          318                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          318                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu06.data         2129                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         2129                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::cpu06.data        81588                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total        81588                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::cpu06.data        83097                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total        83097                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu06.data      1843153                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1843153                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu06.data      1005462                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1005462                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu06.data        33112                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        33112                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu06.data         7916                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total         7916                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu06.data        38015                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        38015                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu06.data        37893                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        37893                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu06.data      2856531                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2856531                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu06.data      2889643                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2889643                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.032739                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.032739                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.013951                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.013951                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.045573                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.045573                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.911824                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.911824                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.008365                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.008365                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.056185                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.056185                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.028562                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.028562                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.028757                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.028757                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        43418                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total           43418                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                78856                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.icache.tags.tagsinuse         493.971639                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.tags.total_refs           8966584                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.tags.sampled_refs           79683                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.tags.avg_refs          112.528193                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst   493.971639                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.964788                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.964788                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu06.icache.tags.tag_accesses        18012851                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu06.icache.tags.data_accesses       18012851                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu06.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu06.inst      8886901                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       8886901                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::cpu06.inst      8886901                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total        8886901                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::cpu06.inst      8886901                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total       8886901                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu06.inst        79683                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        79683                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::cpu06.inst        79683                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total        79683                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::cpu06.inst        79683                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total        79683                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu06.inst      8966584                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8966584                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::cpu06.inst      8966584                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total      8966584                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::cpu06.inst      8966584                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total      8966584                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu06.inst     0.008887                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008887                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu06.inst     0.008887                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008887                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu06.inst     0.008887                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008887                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.writebacks::writebacks        79171                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.icache.writebacks::total           79171                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                79171                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walks                    6940                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walksLong                6940                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples         6940                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0          6940    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total         6940                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples  -1677121888                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walksPending::0   -1677121888    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walksPending::total  -1677121888                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K         6524     98.58%     98.58% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           71      1.07%     99.65% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G           23      0.35%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total         6618                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data         6940                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total         6940                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data         6618                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total         6618                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        13558                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                    3041333                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                     6376                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                   2084960                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                     564                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          2                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10485                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    72                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                    529                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                  117                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                     198                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                3047709                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses               2085524                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                         5126293                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                          6940                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                     5133233                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walks                    9931                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walksLong                9931                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples         9931                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0          9931    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total         9931                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walksPending::samples     15775648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walksPending::0      15775648    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walksPending::total     15775648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K         9768     99.60%     99.60% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           39      0.40%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total         9807                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst         9931                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total         9931                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst         9807                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total         9807                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        19738                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                   13312405                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                     9931                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          2                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10485                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    72                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                    317                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses               13322336                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                        13312405                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                          9931                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                    13322336                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numPwrStateTransitions               704                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          352                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   24405962169169.675781                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  33505716346833.367188                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows           89     25.28%     25.28% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10          118     33.52%     58.81% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::3e+11-3.5e+11            1      0.28%     59.09% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows          144     40.91%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 85332409838192                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           352                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    7866265774                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 8590898683547726                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.numCycles                   30562011811785                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu07.kern.inst.quiesce                    353                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                  13321266                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                    15731588                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.committedUserInsts               5194616                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses            14623251                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_vec_alu_accesses               13368                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                    746191                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts      1975705                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                   14623251                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_vec_insts                      13368                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads          20208606                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes         11713071                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_vec_register_reads             14520                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu07.num_vec_register_writes             7837                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu07.num_cc_register_reads            3548214                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu07.num_cc_register_writes           3504217                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                     5125114                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                   3040062                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                  2085052                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles             30561983827706.664062                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles             27984078.337429                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction               0.000001                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                   0.999999                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.Branches                         2861223                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu07.op_class::No_OpClass                 319      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IntAlu                10567032     67.17%     67.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IntMult                  27385      0.17%     67.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IntDiv                    7598      0.05%     67.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     67.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatCmp                     1      0.00%     67.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatCvt                     2      0.00%     67.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     67.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     67.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatDiv                     1      0.00%     67.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMisc                    2      0.00%     67.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     67.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAdd                    918      0.01%     67.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     67.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAlu                   1980      0.01%     67.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdCmp                   1276      0.01%     67.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     67.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdMisc                   906      0.01%     67.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     67.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     67.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     67.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     67.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     67.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     67.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     67.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     67.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     67.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     67.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     67.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     67.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     67.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     67.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                3040062     19.32%     86.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite               2085052     13.25%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::total                 15732534                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         409.444143                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.total_refs           5129915                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          151513                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.avg_refs           33.857920                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   409.444143                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.799696                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.799696                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          451                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          451                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.880859                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        10415183                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.data_accesses       10415183                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu07.data      2833467                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2833467                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu07.data      1991676                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1991676                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu07.data        40601                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        40601                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu07.data          691                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total          691                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu07.data        53231                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        53231                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu07.data        48662                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        48662                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::cpu07.data      4825834                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total        4825834                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::cpu07.data      4866435                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total       4866435                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu07.data       116595                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       116595                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu07.data        29938                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        29938                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu07.data         2611                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         2611                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu07.data         7156                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total         7156                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu07.data          422                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          422                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu07.data         4865                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         4865                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::cpu07.data       153689                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total       153689                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::cpu07.data       156300                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total       156300                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu07.data      2950062                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2950062                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu07.data      2021614                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      2021614                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu07.data        43212                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        43212                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu07.data         7847                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total         7847                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu07.data        53653                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        53653                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu07.data        53527                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        53527                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu07.data      4979523                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4979523                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu07.data      5022735                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total      5022735                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.039523                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.039523                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.014809                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.014809                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.060423                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.060423                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.911941                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.911941                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.007865                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.007865                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.090889                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.090889                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.030864                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.030864                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.031119                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.031119                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        72682                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total           72682                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements               143832                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.icache.tags.tagsinuse         508.033488                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.tags.total_refs          13322212                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.tags.sampled_refs          141707                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.tags.avg_refs           94.012378                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst   508.033488                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.992253                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.992253                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu07.icache.tags.tag_accesses        26786131                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu07.icache.tags.data_accesses       26786131                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu07.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu07.inst     13180505                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13180505                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::cpu07.inst     13180505                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total       13180505                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::cpu07.inst     13180505                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total      13180505                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu07.inst       141707                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       141707                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::cpu07.inst       141707                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total       141707                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::cpu07.inst       141707                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total       141707                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu07.inst     13322212                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13322212                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::cpu07.inst     13322212                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total     13322212                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::cpu07.inst     13322212                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total     13322212                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu07.inst     0.010637                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010637                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu07.inst     0.010637                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.010637                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu07.inst     0.010637                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.010637                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.writebacks::writebacks       141195                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.icache.writebacks::total          141195                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.icache.replacements               141195                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walks                    2007                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walksLong                2007                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples         2007                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0          2007    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total         2007                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples  -1416950888                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walksPending::0   -1416950888    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walksPending::total  -1416950888                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K         1815     99.18%     99.18% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           13      0.71%     99.89% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G            2      0.11%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total         1830                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data         2007                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total         2007                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data         1830                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total         1830                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total         3837                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                    1319443                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                     1651                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                    962002                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                     356                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10485                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    72                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                    591                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                   89                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                     130                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                1321094                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                962358                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                         2281445                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                          2007                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                     2283452                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walks                    7280                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walksLong                7280                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples         7280                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0          7280    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total         7280                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walksPending::samples  -1462899888                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walksPending::0   -1462899888    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walksPending::total  -1462899888                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K         7152     99.22%     99.22% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           56      0.78%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total         7208                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst         7280                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total         7280                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst         7208                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total         7208                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        14488                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                    5887762                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                     7280                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10485                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    72                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                    511                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                5895042                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                         5887762                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                          7280                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                     5895042                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numPwrStateTransitions               317                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          159                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   54030837152841.078125                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  456396943554872.875000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows           83     52.20%     52.20% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           71     44.65%     96.86% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::4e+11-4.5e+11            1      0.63%     97.48% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows            4      2.52%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          501                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 4446184224338000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           159                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    3442511769                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 8590903107301731                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.numCycles                   21783690760672                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu08.kern.inst.quiesce                    159                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                   5894348                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                     6884367                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.committedUserInsts               1957435                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses             6363929                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_vec_alu_accesses               35748                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                    330301                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts       874005                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                    6363929                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_vec_insts                      35748                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads           8725019                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes          5049424                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_vec_register_reads             49286                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu08.num_vec_register_writes            30124                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu08.num_cc_register_reads            1506225                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu08.num_cc_register_writes           1483047                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                     2279590                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                   1317344                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                   962246                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles             21783682031628.847656                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles             8729043.150934                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction               0.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                   1.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.Branches                         1275222                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu08.op_class::No_OpClass                1478      0.02%      0.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IntAlu                 4563077     66.28%     66.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IntMult                  13913      0.20%     66.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IntDiv                    1780      0.03%     66.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     66.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     66.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     66.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     66.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     66.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     66.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     66.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     66.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAdd                   4698      0.07%     66.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     66.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAlu                   9739      0.14%     66.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdCmp                   5912      0.09%     66.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     66.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdMisc                  4802      0.07%     66.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     66.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     66.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     66.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     66.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     66.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     66.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     66.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     66.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     66.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     66.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     66.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     66.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     66.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     66.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                1317344     19.13%     86.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite                962246     13.98%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::total                  6884989                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         343.233434                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.total_refs           2282860                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           76207                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.avg_refs           29.956041                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.data   343.233434                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.670378                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.670378                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          352                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          352                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.687500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         4641927                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.data_accesses        4641927                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu08.data      1210837                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1210837                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu08.data       905818                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       905818                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu08.data        25045                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        25045                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu08.data          582                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total          582                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu08.data        30748                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        30748                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu08.data        28218                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        28218                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::cpu08.data      2117237                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total        2117237                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::cpu08.data      2142282                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total       2142282                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu08.data        51743                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        51743                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu08.data        15899                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        15899                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu08.data         2042                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         2042                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu08.data         8676                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total         8676                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu08.data          394                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          394                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu08.data         2858                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         2858                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::cpu08.data        76318                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total        76318                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::cpu08.data        78360                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total        78360                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu08.data      1262580                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1262580                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu08.data       921717                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       921717                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu08.data        27087                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        27087                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu08.data         9258                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total         9258                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu08.data        31142                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        31142                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu08.data        31076                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        31076                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu08.data      2193555                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2193555                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu08.data      2220642                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2220642                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.040982                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.040982                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.017249                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.017249                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.075387                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.075387                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.937135                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.937135                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.012652                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.012652                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.091968                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.091968                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.034792                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.034792                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.035287                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.035287                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        44596                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total           44596                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                73060                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.icache.tags.tagsinuse         493.971532                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.tags.total_refs           5894970                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.tags.sampled_refs           83850                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.tags.avg_refs           70.303757                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst   493.971532                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.964788                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.964788                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu08.icache.tags.tag_accesses        11873790                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu08.icache.tags.data_accesses       11873790                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu08.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu08.inst      5811120                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       5811120                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::cpu08.inst      5811120                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total        5811120                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::cpu08.inst      5811120                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total       5811120                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu08.inst        83850                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        83850                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::cpu08.inst        83850                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total        83850                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::cpu08.inst        83850                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total        83850                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu08.inst      5894970                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      5894970                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::cpu08.inst      5894970                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total      5894970                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::cpu08.inst      5894970                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total      5894970                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu08.inst     0.014224                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014224                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu08.inst     0.014224                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014224                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu08.inst     0.014224                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014224                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.writebacks::writebacks        83338                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.icache.writebacks::total           83338                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                83338                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walks                   13569                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walksLong               13569                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        13569                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         13569    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        13569                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples    349106112                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walksPending::0     349106112    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walksPending::total    349106112                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        12391     98.71%     98.71% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          125      1.00%     99.71% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G           37      0.29%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        12553                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        13569                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        13569                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        12553                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        12553                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        26122                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                    4914694                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                    12623                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                   2899260                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                     946                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10485                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    72                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                    568                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                  168                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                     263                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                4927317                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses               2900206                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                         7813954                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                         13569                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                     7827523                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walks                   13930                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walksLong               13930                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        13930                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         13930    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        13930                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walksPending::samples    303433612                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walksPending::0     303433612    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walksPending::total    303433612                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        13661     99.61%     99.61% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           53      0.39%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        13714                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        13930                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        13930                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        13714                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        13714                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        27644                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                   21197128                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                    13930                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10485                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    72                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                    252                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses               21211058                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                        21197128                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                         13930                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                    21211058                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numPwrStateTransitions               401                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          201                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   42740767303404.164062                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  404449361416903.625000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows           87     43.28%     43.28% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10          108     53.73%     97.01% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::2.5e+11-3e+11            1      0.50%     97.51% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows            5      2.49%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 4413072560450000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           201                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   12321829263                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 8590894227984237                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.numCycles                   21849914088490                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu09.kern.inst.quiesce                    201                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                  21208864                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                    24641523                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.committedUserInsts              11877772                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses            22655539                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_vec_alu_accesses               33058                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                    863024                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts      3707536                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                   22655539                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_vec_insts                      33058                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads          30801495                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes         18123299                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_vec_register_reads             39705                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu09.num_vec_register_writes            23367                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu09.num_cc_register_reads            6485187                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu09.num_cc_register_writes           6415092                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                     7805750                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                   4906395                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                  2899355                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles             21849882749458.343750                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles             31339031.655081                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction               0.000001                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                   0.999999                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.Branches                         4798293                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu09.op_class::No_OpClass                1066      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IntAlu                16762722     68.02%     68.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IntMult                  46075      0.19%     68.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IntDiv                   10775      0.04%     68.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     68.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     68.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     68.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     68.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     68.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     68.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMisc                    4      0.00%     68.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     68.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAdd                   3128      0.01%     68.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     68.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAlu                   6545      0.03%     68.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdCmp                   4264      0.02%     68.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     68.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdMisc                  3172      0.01%     68.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     68.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     68.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     68.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     68.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     68.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     68.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     68.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     68.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     68.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     68.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     68.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     68.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     68.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     68.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                4906395     19.91%     88.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite               2899355     11.77%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::total                 24643501                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         388.875325                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.total_refs           7824925                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          231516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.avg_refs           33.798636                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.data   388.875325                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.759522                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.759522                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          425                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          425                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.830078                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        15883158                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.data_accesses       15883158                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu09.data      4590430                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       4590430                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu09.data      2752955                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      2752955                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu09.data        65523                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        65523                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu09.data         1371                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         1371                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu09.data        89663                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        89663                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu09.data        83259                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        83259                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::cpu09.data      7344756                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total        7344756                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::cpu09.data      7410279                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total       7410279                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu09.data       176679                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       176679                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu09.data        40065                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        40065                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu09.data         3323                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         3323                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu09.data        14190                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        14190                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu09.data          602                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          602                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu09.data         6865                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         6865                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::cpu09.data       230934                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total       230934                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::cpu09.data       234257                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total       234257                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu09.data      4767109                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      4767109                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu09.data      2793020                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      2793020                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu09.data        68846                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        68846                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu09.data        15561                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        15561                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu09.data        90265                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        90265                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu09.data        90124                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        90124                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu09.data      7575690                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total      7575690                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu09.data      7644536                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total      7644536                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.037062                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.037062                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.014345                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.014345                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.048267                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.048267                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.911895                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.911895                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.006669                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.006669                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.076173                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.076173                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.030484                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.030484                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.030644                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.030644                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       118617                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total          118617                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements               227764                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.icache.tags.tagsinuse         493.971467                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.tags.total_refs          21210842                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.tags.sampled_refs          161955                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.tags.avg_refs          130.967503                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst   493.971467                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.964788                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.964788                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu09.icache.tags.tag_accesses        42583639                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu09.icache.tags.data_accesses       42583639                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu09.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu09.inst     21048887                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      21048887                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::cpu09.inst     21048887                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total       21048887                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::cpu09.inst     21048887                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total      21048887                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu09.inst       161955                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       161955                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::cpu09.inst       161955                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total       161955                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::cpu09.inst       161955                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total       161955                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu09.inst     21210842                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     21210842                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::cpu09.inst     21210842                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total     21210842                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::cpu09.inst     21210842                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total     21210842                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu09.inst     0.007635                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.007635                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu09.inst     0.007635                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.007635                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu09.inst     0.007635                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.007635                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.writebacks::writebacks       161443                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.icache.writebacks::total          161443                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.icache.replacements               161443                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walks                 2432610                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walksLong             2432610                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples      2432610                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0       2432610    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total      2432610                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples   1592921156                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walksPending::0    1592921156    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walksPending::total   1592921156                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K      2428570     99.98%     99.98% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          239      0.01%     99.99% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G          360      0.01%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total      2429169                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data      2432610                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total      2432610                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data      2429169                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total      2429169                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total      4861779                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                  146576618                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                  2288155                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                  72518898                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                  144455                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10485                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    72                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                    666                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                 1301                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                     200                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses              148864773                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses              72663353                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                       219095516                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                       2432610                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                   221528126                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walks                   37697                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walksLong               37697                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        37697                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         37697    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        37697                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walksPending::samples   1593227156                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walksPending::0    1593227156    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walksPending::total   1593227156                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        37441     99.68%     99.68% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          121      0.32%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        37562                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        37697                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        37697                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        37562                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        37562                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        75259                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                  647298959                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                    37697                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10485                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    72                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                    342                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses              647336656                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                       647298959                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                         37697                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                   647336656                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numPwrStateTransitions              1645                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          823                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   5402567260151.954102                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  20772873019126.941406                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          718     87.24%     87.24% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           52      6.32%     93.56% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows           53      6.44%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          501                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 85332409497692                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           823                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  4144593694708442                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 4446312855105058                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.numCycles                   30658133738581                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu10.kern.inst.quiesce                    823                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                 647332047                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                   739306086                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.committedUserInsts             601923589                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses           679037388                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_vec_alu_accesses              451847                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                  28635598                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts     81200871                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                  679037388                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_vec_insts                     451847                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads         924469031                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes        582796748                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_vec_register_reads            573664                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu10.num_vec_register_writes           391656                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu10.num_cc_register_reads          229439091                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu10.num_cc_register_writes         224871770                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                   221367000                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                 148710186                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                 72656814                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles             30656814559743.750000                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles             1319178837.252429                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction               0.000043                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                   0.999957                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.Branches                       119033559                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu10.op_class::No_OpClass               14427      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IntAlu               510163143     69.01%     69.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IntMult                7413233      1.00%     70.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IntDiv                   13906      0.00%     70.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     70.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatCmp                   206      0.00%     70.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatCvt                 61484      0.01%     70.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMult                 6950      0.00%     70.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMultAcc              6687      0.00%     70.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatDiv                 13637      0.00%     70.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMisc                13905      0.00%     70.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     70.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAdd                  41669      0.01%     70.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     70.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAlu                 103673      0.01%     70.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdCmp                  55676      0.01%     70.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     70.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdMisc                 34964      0.00%     70.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     70.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     70.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     70.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     70.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     70.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     70.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     70.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     70.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     70.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     70.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     70.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     70.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     70.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     70.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead              148710186     20.11%     90.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite              72656814      9.83%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::total                739310560                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         186.778401                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.total_refs         221514410                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         6497668                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.avg_refs           34.091371                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    10891347094178500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   186.778401                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.364802                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.364802                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          360                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          360                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.703125                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       449533912                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.data_accesses      449533912                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu10.data    142404613                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total     142404613                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu10.data     71515878                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     71515878                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu10.data       242589                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total       242589                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu10.data        64077                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total        64077                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu10.data       386799                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       386799                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu10.data       389024                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       389024                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::cpu10.data    213984568                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total      213984568                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::cpu10.data    214227157                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total     214227157                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu10.data      5803775                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      5803775                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu10.data       502729                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       502729                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu10.data        15678                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        15678                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu10.data       176326                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total       176326                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu10.data         7613                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         7613                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu10.data         5309                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         5309                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::cpu10.data      6482830                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total      6482830                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::cpu10.data      6498508                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total      6498508                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu10.data    148208388                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    148208388                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu10.data     72018607                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     72018607                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu10.data       258267                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total       258267                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu10.data       240403                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total       240403                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu10.data       394412                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       394412                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu10.data       394333                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       394333                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu10.data    220467398                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total    220467398                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu10.data    220725665                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total    220725665                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.039160                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.039160                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.006981                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006981                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.060705                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.060705                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.733460                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.733460                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.019302                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.019302                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.013463                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.013463                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.029405                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.029405                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.029442                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.029442                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      1549067                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total         1549067                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements              6489352                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.icache.tags.tagsinuse         265.012941                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.tags.total_refs         647336521                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.tags.sampled_refs          898000                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.tags.avg_refs          720.864723                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    10891347094173500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst   265.012941                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.517603                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.517603                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu10.icache.tags.tag_accesses      1295571042                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu10.icache.tags.data_accesses     1295571042                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu10.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu10.inst    646438521                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     646438521                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::cpu10.inst    646438521                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total      646438521                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::cpu10.inst    646438521                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total     646438521                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu10.inst       898000                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       898000                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::cpu10.inst       898000                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total       898000                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::cpu10.inst       898000                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total       898000                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu10.inst    647336521                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    647336521                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::cpu10.inst    647336521                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total    647336521                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::cpu10.inst    647336521                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total    647336521                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu10.inst     0.001387                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001387                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu10.inst     0.001387                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001387                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu10.inst     0.001387                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001387                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.writebacks::writebacks       897488                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.icache.writebacks::total          897488                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.icache.replacements               897488                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walks                   14769                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walksLong               14769                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        14769                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         14769    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        14769                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples    645372112                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walksPending::0     645372112    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walksPending::total    645372112                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        13069     98.72%     98.72% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          134      1.01%     99.74% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G           35      0.26%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        13238                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        14769                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        14769                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        13238                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        13238                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        28007                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                    5565791                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                    13787                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                   3174067                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                     982                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10485                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    72                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                    617                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                  182                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                     251                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                5579578                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses               3175049                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                         8739858                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                         14769                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                     8754627                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walks                   14663                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walksLong               14663                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        14663                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         14663    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        14663                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walksPending::samples    644742112                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walksPending::0     644742112    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walksPending::total    644742112                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        14400     99.62%     99.62% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           55      0.38%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        14455                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        14663                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        14663                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        14455                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        14455                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        29118                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                   24201028                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                    14663                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10485                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    72                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                    316                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses               24215691                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                        24201028                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                         14663                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                    24215691                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numPwrStateTransitions               657                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          329                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   24640996505575.621094                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  244376856131730.781250                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          130     39.51%     39.51% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10          153     46.50%     86.02% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::2.5e+11-3e+11            1      0.30%     86.32% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows           45     13.68%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 4413072559626500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           329                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  484018699479121                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 8106887850334379                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.numCycles                   21849914090265                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu11.kern.inst.quiesce                    329                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                  24212941                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                    27922667                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.committedUserInsts              14093420                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses            25522316                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_vec_alu_accesses               39952                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                    960734                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts      4483911                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                   25522316                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_vec_insts                      39952                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads          34533558                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes         20336805                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_vec_register_reads             49532                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu11.num_vec_register_writes            29292                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu11.num_cc_register_reads            7694391                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu11.num_cc_register_writes           7606743                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                     8732837                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                   5558666                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                  3174171                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles             21849878578008.589844                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles             35512256.410099                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction               0.000002                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                   0.999998                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.Branches                         5702484                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu11.op_class::No_OpClass                1376      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IntAlu                19110152     68.43%     68.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IntMult                  47742      0.17%     68.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IntDiv                   10909      0.04%     68.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     68.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     68.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     68.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     68.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     68.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     68.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMisc                    4      0.00%     68.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     68.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAdd                   4065      0.01%     68.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     68.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAlu                   8487      0.03%     68.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdCmp                   5504      0.02%     68.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     68.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdMisc                  4133      0.01%     68.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     68.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     68.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     68.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     68.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     68.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     68.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     68.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     68.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     68.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     68.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     68.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     68.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     68.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     68.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                5558666     19.91%     88.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite               3174171     11.37%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::total                 27925209                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         376.094122                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.total_refs           8752312                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          236595                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.avg_refs           36.992802                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    7231127791625500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   376.094122                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.734559                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.734559                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          411                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          411                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.802734                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        17741219                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.data_accesses       17741219                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu11.data      5232039                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       5232039                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu11.data      3022288                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3022288                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu11.data        68060                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        68060                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu11.data         1514                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         1514                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu11.data        92828                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        92828                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu11.data        87392                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        87392                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::cpu11.data      8255841                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total        8255841                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::cpu11.data      8323901                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total       8323901                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu11.data       179589                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       179589                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu11.data        40303                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        40303                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu11.data         3638                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         3638                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu11.data        15970                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        15970                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu11.data         1749                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1749                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu11.data         6942                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         6942                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::cpu11.data       235862                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total       235862                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::cpu11.data       239500                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total       239500                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu11.data      5411628                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      5411628                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu11.data      3062591                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3062591                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu11.data        71698                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        71698                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu11.data        17484                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        17484                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu11.data        94577                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        94577                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu11.data        94334                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        94334                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu11.data      8491703                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total      8491703                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu11.data      8563401                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total      8563401                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.033186                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.033186                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.013160                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.013160                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.050741                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.050741                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.913407                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.913407                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.018493                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.018493                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.073590                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.073590                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.027776                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.027776                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.027968                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.027968                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       119975                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total          119975                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements               231852                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.icache.tags.tagsinuse         483.154330                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.tags.total_refs          24215483                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.tags.sampled_refs          170089                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.tags.avg_refs          142.369483                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    7231127791620500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   483.154330                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.943661                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.943661                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu11.icache.tags.tag_accesses        48601055                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu11.icache.tags.data_accesses       48601055                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu11.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu11.inst     24045394                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      24045394                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::cpu11.inst     24045394                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total       24045394                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::cpu11.inst     24045394                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total      24045394                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu11.inst       170089                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       170089                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::cpu11.inst       170089                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total       170089                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::cpu11.inst       170089                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total       170089                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu11.inst     24215483                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     24215483                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::cpu11.inst     24215483                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total     24215483                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::cpu11.inst     24215483                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total     24215483                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu11.inst     0.007024                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.007024                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu11.inst     0.007024                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.007024                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu11.inst     0.007024                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.007024                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.writebacks::writebacks       169577                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.icache.writebacks::total          169577                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.icache.replacements               169577                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walks                    1436                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walksLong                1436                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples         1436                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0          1436    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total         1436                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples   1220092112                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walksPending::0    1220092112    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walksPending::total   1220092112                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K         1251     98.66%     98.66% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           15      1.18%     99.84% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G            2      0.16%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total         1268                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data         1436                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total         1436                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data         1268                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total         1268                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total         2704                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                     869640                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                     1188                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                    646030                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                     248                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10485                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    72                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                    120                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                   43                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                      61                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                 870828                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                646278                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                         1515670                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                          1436                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                     1517106                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walks                    4689                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walksLong                4689                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples         4689                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0          4689    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total         4689                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walksPending::samples   1169641112                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walksPending::0    1169641112    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walksPending::total   1169641112                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K         4598     99.57%     99.57% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           20      0.43%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total         4618                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst         4689                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total         4689                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst         4618                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total         4618                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total         9307                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                    3905951                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                     4689                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10485                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    72                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                     54                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                3910640                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                         3905951                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                          4689                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                     3910640                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numPwrStateTransitions               313                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          157                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   51636298941501.632812                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  355046115182224.500000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows           54     34.39%     34.39% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           58     36.94%     71.34% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows           45     28.66%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 4446624224059500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           157                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  484007615997744                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 8106898933815756                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.numCycles                   21782810761227                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu12.kern.inst.quiesce                    157                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                   3910137                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                     4604697                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.committedUserInsts                642537                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses             4270554                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_vec_alu_accesses                6085                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                    232057                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts       568904                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                    4270554                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_vec_insts                       6085                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads           6011546                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes          3419762                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_vec_register_reads              6657                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu12.num_vec_register_writes             3857                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu12.num_cc_register_reads            1004452                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu12.num_cc_register_writes            999337                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                     1513966                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                    867750                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                   646216                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles             21782804922910.656250                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles             5838316.342501                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction               0.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                   1.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.Branches                          834873                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu12.op_class::No_OpClass                 155      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IntAlu                 3075818     66.79%     66.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IntMult                  11463      0.25%     67.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IntDiv                    1212      0.03%     67.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     67.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatCmp                     1      0.00%     67.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatCvt                     2      0.00%     67.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     67.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     67.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatDiv                     1      0.00%     67.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     67.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     67.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdAdd                    478      0.01%     67.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     67.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdAlu                    958      0.02%     67.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdCmp                    620      0.01%     67.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     67.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdMisc                   455      0.01%     67.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     67.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     67.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     67.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     67.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     67.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     67.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     67.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     67.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     67.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     67.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     67.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     67.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     67.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     67.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                 867750     18.84%     85.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite                646216     14.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::total                  4605129                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         365.809742                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.total_refs           1514812                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           56651                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.avg_refs           26.739369                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    7231128368214500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.data   365.809742                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.714472                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.714472                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          390                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          390                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.761719                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         3089603                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.data_accesses        3089603                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu12.data       786081                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        786081                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu12.data       605208                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       605208                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu12.data        20239                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        20239                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu12.data          493                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total          493                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu12.data        21953                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        21953                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu12.data        20084                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        20084                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::cpu12.data      1391782                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total        1391782                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::cpu12.data      1412021                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total       1412021                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu12.data        40681                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        40681                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu12.data        11366                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        11366                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu12.data         1280                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         1280                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu12.data         5128                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total         5128                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu12.data          252                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          252                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu12.data         2047                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         2047                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::cpu12.data        57175                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total        57175                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::cpu12.data        58455                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total        58455                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu12.data       826762                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       826762                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu12.data       616574                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       616574                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu12.data        21519                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        21519                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu12.data         5621                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total         5621                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu12.data        22205                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        22205                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu12.data        22131                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        22131                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu12.data      1448957                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1448957                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu12.data      1470476                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1470476                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.049205                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.049205                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.018434                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.018434                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.059482                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.059482                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.912293                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.912293                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.011349                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.011349                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.092495                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.092495                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.039459                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.039459                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.039752                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.039752                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        29952                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total           29952                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                53735                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.icache.tags.tagsinuse         483.154296                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.tags.total_refs           3910569                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.tags.sampled_refs           56299                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.tags.avg_refs           69.460719                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    7231128368209500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst   483.154296                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.943661                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.943661                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu12.icache.tags.tag_accesses         7877437                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu12.icache.tags.data_accesses        7877437                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu12.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu12.inst      3854270                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       3854270                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::cpu12.inst      3854270                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total        3854270                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::cpu12.inst      3854270                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total       3854270                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu12.inst        56299                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        56299                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::cpu12.inst        56299                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total        56299                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::cpu12.inst        56299                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total        56299                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu12.inst      3910569                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3910569                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::cpu12.inst      3910569                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total      3910569                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::cpu12.inst      3910569                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total      3910569                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu12.inst     0.014397                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014397                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu12.inst     0.014397                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014397                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu12.inst     0.014397                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014397                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.writebacks::writebacks        55787                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.icache.writebacks::total           55787                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                55787                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walks                   65183                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walksLong               65183                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        65183                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         65183    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        65183                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples    824199972                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walksPending::0     824199972    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walksPending::total    824199972                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        64071     98.29%     98.29% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M         1059      1.62%     99.92% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G           53      0.08%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        65183                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        65183                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        65183                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        65183                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        65183                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total       130366                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                    6551840                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                    62596                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                   5573767                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                    2587                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10485                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    72                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                    158                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                 2182                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                      31                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                6614436                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses               5576354                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                        12125607                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                         65183                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                    12190790                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walks                  123077                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walksLong              123077                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples       123077                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0        123077    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total       123077                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walksPending::samples  -1661801528                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walksPending::0   -1661801528    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walksPending::total  -1661801528                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K       121988     99.12%     99.12% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M         1089      0.88%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total       123077                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst       123077                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total       123077                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst       123077                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total       123077                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total       246154                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                   32172703                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                   123077                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10485                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    72                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                    119                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses               32295780                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                        32172703                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                        123077                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                    32295780                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numPwrStateTransitions              2847                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         1424                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   6032926377019.338867                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  19632027240229.078125                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          222     15.59%     15.59% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         1037     72.82%     88.41% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::4.5e+11-5e+11            1      0.07%     88.48% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows          164     11.52%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 85332409833192                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::total          1424                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   19388937961                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 8590887160875539                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.numCycles                   30621595151365                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu13.kern.inst.quiesce                   1424                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                  32291470                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                    38774449                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.committedUserInsts              10234657                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses            35785799                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_vec_alu_accesses              692826                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                   2439085                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts      4354911                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                   35785799                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_vec_insts                     692826                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads          50740169                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes         28288567                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_vec_register_reads           1011132                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu13.num_vec_register_writes           617054                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu13.num_cc_register_reads            7368345                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu13.num_cc_register_writes           7132014                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                    12169958                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                   6596066                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                  5573892                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles             30621526041091.363281                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles             69110273.636210                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction               0.000002                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                   0.999998                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.Branches                         7199488                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu13.op_class::No_OpClass               30140      0.08%      0.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IntAlu                25949299     66.92%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IntMult                  69329      0.18%     67.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IntDiv                   21419      0.06%     67.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     67.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     67.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     67.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     67.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     67.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     67.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     67.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     67.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdAdd                 100976      0.26%     67.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     67.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdAlu                 216004      0.56%     68.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdCmp                 120560      0.31%     68.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     68.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdMisc                101074      0.26%     68.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     68.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     68.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     68.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     68.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     68.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     68.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     68.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     68.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     68.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     68.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     68.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     68.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     68.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     68.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                6596066     17.01%     85.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite               5573892     14.37%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::total                 38778759                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         397.309879                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.total_refs          12187384                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          438504                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.avg_refs           27.793097                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.data   397.309879                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.775996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.775996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          432                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          432                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.843750                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        24813272                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.data_accesses       24813272                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu13.data      6104118                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       6104118                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu13.data      5355740                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      5355740                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu13.data        57097                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        57097                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu13.data         4516                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         4516                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu13.data       106329                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       106329                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu13.data        98700                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        98700                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::cpu13.data     11464374                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total       11464374                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::cpu13.data     11521471                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total      11521471                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu13.data       327253                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       327253                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu13.data        79899                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        79899                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu13.data        13931                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        13931                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu13.data        25601                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        25601                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu13.data         3437                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         3437                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu13.data        10763                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        10763                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::cpu13.data       432753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total       432753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::cpu13.data       446684                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total       446684                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu13.data      6431371                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6431371                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu13.data      5435639                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      5435639                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu13.data        71028                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        71028                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu13.data        30117                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        30117                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu13.data       109766                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       109766                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu13.data       109463                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       109463                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu13.data     11897127                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total     11897127                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu13.data     11968155                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total     11968155                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.050884                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.050884                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.014699                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.014699                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.196134                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.196134                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.850051                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.850051                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.031312                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.031312                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.098325                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.098325                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.036375                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.036375                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.037323                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.037323                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       183848                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total          183848                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements               421907                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.icache.tags.tagsinuse         508.133171                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.tags.total_refs          32295780                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.tags.sampled_refs         1170375                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.tags.avg_refs           27.594386                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst   508.133171                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.992448                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.992448                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu13.icache.tags.tag_accesses        65761935                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu13.icache.tags.data_accesses       65761935                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu13.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu13.inst     31125405                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      31125405                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::cpu13.inst     31125405                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total       31125405                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::cpu13.inst     31125405                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total      31125405                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu13.inst      1170375                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      1170375                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::cpu13.inst      1170375                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total      1170375                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::cpu13.inst      1170375                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total      1170375                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu13.inst     32295780                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     32295780                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::cpu13.inst     32295780                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total     32295780                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::cpu13.inst     32295780                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total     32295780                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu13.inst     0.036239                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.036239                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu13.inst     0.036239                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.036239                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu13.inst     0.036239                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.036239                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.writebacks::writebacks      1169863                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.icache.writebacks::total         1169863                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.icache.replacements              1169863                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walks                  339404                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walksLong              339404                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples       339404                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0        339404    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total       339404                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples     15759648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walksPending::0      15759648    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walksPending::total     15759648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K       338113     99.86%     99.86% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          426      0.13%     99.99% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G           36      0.01%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total       338575                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data       339404                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total       339404                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data       338575                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total       338575                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total       677979                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                  117832570                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                   298563                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                 103590615                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                   40841                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10485                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    72                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                    401                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                13376                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                     170                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses              118131133                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses             103631456                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                       221423185                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                        339404                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                   221762589                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walks                 2013477                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walksLong             2013477                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples      2013477                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0       2013477    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total      2013477                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walksPending::samples     15759148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walksPending::0      15759148    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walksPending::total     15759148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K      2007636     99.72%     99.72% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M         5712      0.28%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total      2013348                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst      2013477                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total      2013477                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst      2013348                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total      2013348                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total      4026825                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                  540983896                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                  2013477                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10485                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    72                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                    192                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses              542997373                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                       540983896                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                       2013477                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                   542997373                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numPwrStateTransitions             84554                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples        42277                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   203197502593.787018                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  2466506172866.699707                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows        40429     95.63%     95.63% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         1561      3.69%     99.32% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::3e+11-3.5e+11            1      0.00%     99.32% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows          286      0.68%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 30235162086512                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::total         42277                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  325732655966                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 8590580817157534                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.numCycles                   30676059251467                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu14.kern.inst.quiesce                  42277                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                 542852507                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                   651321370                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.committedUserInsts              76365535                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses           610769575                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_vec_alu_accesses             1280625                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                  45773578                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts     78187729                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                  610769575                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_vec_insts                    1280625                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads         867563820                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes        470577183                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_vec_register_reads           1357537                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu14.num_vec_register_writes           763612                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu14.num_cc_register_reads          116192007                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu14.num_cc_register_writes         115704114                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                   221371942                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                 117818793                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                103553149                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles             30674896138599.937500                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles             1163112867.062643                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction               0.000038                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                   0.999962                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.Branches                       128477499                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu14.op_class::No_OpClass               29494      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IntAlu               428955231     65.84%     65.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IntMult                 531374      0.08%     65.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IntDiv                   90663      0.01%     65.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     65.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     65.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     65.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     65.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     65.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     65.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMisc                    4      0.00%     65.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     65.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdAdd                  88109      0.01%     65.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     65.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdAlu                 184683      0.03%     65.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdCmp                 117976      0.02%     66.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     66.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdMisc                 96631      0.01%     66.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     66.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     66.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     66.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     66.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     66.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     66.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     66.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     66.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     66.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     66.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     66.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     66.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     66.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     66.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead              117818793     18.09%     84.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite             103553149     15.90%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::total                651466107                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         498.565796                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.total_refs         221752652                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         5684364                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.avg_refs           39.010987                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.data   498.565796                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.973761                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.973761                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           63                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          343                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           99                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       449189668                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.data_accesses      449189668                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu14.data    109654140                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total     109654140                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu14.data     99720532                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     99720532                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu14.data      1638422                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total      1638422                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu14.data        73577                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total        73577                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu14.data      2420585                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total      2420585                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu14.data      2462217                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total      2462217                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::cpu14.data    209448249                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total      209448249                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::cpu14.data    211086671                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total     211086671                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu14.data      4037086                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      4037086                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu14.data      1027929                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1027929                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu14.data       291106                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total       291106                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu14.data       298921                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total       298921                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu14.data        85116                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        85116                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu14.data        43021                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        43021                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::cpu14.data      5363936                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total      5363936                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::cpu14.data      5655042                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total      5655042                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu14.data    113691226                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    113691226                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu14.data    100748461                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    100748461                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu14.data      1929528                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total      1929528                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu14.data       372498                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total       372498                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu14.data      2505701                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total      2505701                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu14.data      2505238                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total      2505238                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu14.data    214812185                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total    214812185                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu14.data    216741713                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total    216741713                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.035509                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.035509                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.010203                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.010203                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.150869                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.150869                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.802477                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.802477                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.033969                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.033969                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.017172                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.017172                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.024970                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.024970                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.026091                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.026091                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      2970873                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total         2970873                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements              5605914                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.icache.tags.tagsinuse         511.872918                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.tags.total_refs         542997244                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.tags.sampled_refs        19859753                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.tags.avg_refs           27.341591                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst   511.872918                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.999752                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999752                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          222                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          281                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.tag_accesses      1105854241                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu14.icache.tags.data_accesses     1105854241                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu14.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu14.inst    523137491                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     523137491                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::cpu14.inst    523137491                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total      523137491                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::cpu14.inst    523137491                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total     523137491                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu14.inst     19859753                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     19859753                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::cpu14.inst     19859753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total     19859753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::cpu14.inst     19859753                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total     19859753                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu14.inst    542997244                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    542997244                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::cpu14.inst    542997244                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total    542997244                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::cpu14.inst    542997244                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total    542997244                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu14.inst     0.036574                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.036574                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu14.inst     0.036574                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.036574                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu14.inst     0.036574                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.036574                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.writebacks::writebacks     19859241                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.icache.writebacks::total        19859241                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.icache.replacements             19859241                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walks                   85763                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walksLong               85763                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        85763                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         85763    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        85763                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples   -315558908                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walksPending::0    -315558908    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walksPending::total   -315558908                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        82346     98.33%     98.33% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M         1323      1.58%     99.91% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G           74      0.09%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        83743                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        85763                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        85763                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        83743                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        83743                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total       169506                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                   11471787                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                    82023                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                   8478313                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                    3740                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10485                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    72                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                    407                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                 2660                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                     203                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses               11553810                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses               8482053                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                        19950100                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                         85763                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                    20035863                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walks                  157301                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walksLong              157301                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples       157301                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0        157301    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total       157301                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walksPending::samples     16101648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walksPending::0      16101648    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walksPending::total     16101648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K       155884     99.22%     99.22% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M         1219      0.78%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total       157103                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst       157301                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total       157301                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst       157103                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total       157103                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total       314404                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                   54239377                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                   157301                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10485                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    72                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                    134                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses               54396678                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                        54239377                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                        157301                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                    54396678                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numPwrStateTransitions              4001                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         2001                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   4293290555113.584473                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  15961789837493.330078                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          409     20.44%     20.44% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         1404     70.16%     90.60% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::2.5e+11-3e+11            1      0.05%     90.65% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::9.5e+11-1e+12            2      0.10%     90.75% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows          185      9.25%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 85332409769192                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::total          2001                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   32149031217                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 8590874400782283                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.numCycles                   30672253268133                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu15.kern.inst.quiesce                   2001                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                  54388477                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                    64291015                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.committedUserInsts              18734338                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses            59048564                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_vec_alu_accesses              757822                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                   3525496                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts      8652790                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                   59048564                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_vec_insts                     757822                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads          82900335                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes         46704070                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_vec_register_reads           1091186                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu15.num_vec_register_writes           663940                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu15.num_cc_register_reads           14348955                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu15.num_cc_register_writes          14072178                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                    20000147                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                  11521300                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                  8478847                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles             30672138485960.085938                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles             114782172.914198                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction               0.000004                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                   0.999996                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.Branches                        12736842                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu15.op_class::No_OpClass               32159      0.05%      0.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IntAlu                43544398     67.72%     67.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IntMult                 115578      0.18%     67.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IntDiv                   32020      0.05%     68.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     68.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     68.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     68.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     68.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     68.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     68.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMisc                    2      0.00%     68.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     68.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdAdd                 107677      0.17%     68.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     68.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdAlu                 230180      0.36%     68.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdCmp                 128636      0.20%     68.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     68.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdMisc                108221      0.17%     68.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     68.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     68.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     68.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     68.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     68.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     68.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     68.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     68.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     68.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     68.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     68.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     68.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     68.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     68.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead               11521300     17.92%     86.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite               8478847     13.19%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::total                 64299018                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         438.398637                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.total_refs          20029225                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          677521                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.avg_refs           29.562515                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.data   438.398637                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.856247                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.856247                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          427                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          427                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.833984                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        40735971                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.data_accesses       40735971                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu15.data     10687922                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      10687922                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu15.data      8112176                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8112176                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu15.data       130153                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total       130153                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu15.data         6897                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         6897                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu15.data       195566                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       195566                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu15.data       181970                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       181970                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::cpu15.data     18806995                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total       18806995                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::cpu15.data     18937148                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total      18937148                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu15.data       509553                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       509553                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu15.data       119713                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       119713                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu15.data        20449                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        20449                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu15.data        41056                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        41056                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu15.data         5366                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         5366                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu15.data        18404                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        18404                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::cpu15.data       670322                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total       670322                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::cpu15.data       690771                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total       690771                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu15.data     11197475                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11197475                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu15.data      8231889                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8231889                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu15.data       150602                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total       150602                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu15.data        47953                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        47953                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu15.data       200932                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       200932                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu15.data       200374                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       200374                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu15.data     19477317                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total     19477317                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu15.data     19627919                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total     19627919                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.045506                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.045506                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.014543                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.014543                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.135782                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.135782                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.856172                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.856172                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.026706                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.026706                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.091848                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.091848                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.034416                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.034416                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.035193                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.035193                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       305400                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total          305400                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements               653230                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.icache.tags.tagsinuse         510.301758                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.tags.total_refs          54396480                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.tags.sampled_refs         1514901                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.tags.avg_refs           35.907614                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst   510.301758                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.996683                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996683                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu15.icache.tags.tag_accesses       110307861                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu15.icache.tags.data_accesses      110307861                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu15.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu15.inst     52881579                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      52881579                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::cpu15.inst     52881579                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total       52881579                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::cpu15.inst     52881579                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total      52881579                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu15.inst      1514901                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      1514901                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::cpu15.inst      1514901                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total      1514901                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::cpu15.inst      1514901                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total      1514901                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu15.inst     54396480                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     54396480                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::cpu15.inst     54396480                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total     54396480                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::cpu15.inst     54396480                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total     54396480                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu15.inst     0.027849                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.027849                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu15.inst     0.027849                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.027849                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu15.inst     0.027849                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.027849                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.writebacks::writebacks      1514389                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.icache.writebacks::total         1514389                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.icache.replacements              1514389                       # number of replacements
system.iobus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                12514                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp               12514                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq              542044                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp             542044                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart0.pio         8264                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pci_ide.pio        23452                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.viopci.pio         5252                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total        36968                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pci_ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      1072148                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pci_ide.dma::total      1072148                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                 1109116                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart0.pio         8264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pci_ide.pio        13079                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.viopci.pio         3939                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total        25282                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pci_ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side     34240080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pci_ide.dma::total     34240080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                 34265362                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse               15.098592                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                 536074                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs               536074                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        1                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle         7231117755082001                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::pci_ide     15.098592                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::pci_ide     0.943662                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.943662                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses              4824666                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses             4824666                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pci_ide           3274                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total             3274                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::pci_ide       532800                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total       532800                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::pci_ide          536074                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total            536074                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::pci_ide         536074                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total           536074                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pci_ide         3274                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total           3274                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::pci_ide       532800                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total       532800                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::pci_ide        536074                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total          536074                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::pci_ide       536074                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total         536074                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pci_ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::pci_ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pci_ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pci_ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          532784                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total               532784                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.replacements                    536058                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l200.tags.tagsinuse               14450.616486                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.tags.total_refs                  35378936                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.tags.sampled_refs                 3398707                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.tags.avg_refs                   10.409528                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.tags.warmup_cycle            6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   1361.697809                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.dtb.walker    74.226889                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.itb.walker    89.014219                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst   3967.622393                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   8958.055177                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.083111                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.dtb.walker     0.004530                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.itb.walker     0.005433                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.242164                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.546756                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.tags.occ_percent::total          0.881996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          168                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l200.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        14316                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l200.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          168                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l200.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        14316                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l200.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.010254                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l200.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.873779                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l200.tags.tag_accesses                74994969                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l200.tags.data_accesses               74994969                       # Number of data accesses
system.l200.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::cpu00.dtb.walker      2972984                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::cpu00.itb.walker       283815                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total               3256799                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      2169967                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l200.WritebackDirty_hits::total        2169967                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l200.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks      5500650                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l200.WritebackClean_hits::total        5500650                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l200.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu00.data          3999                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l200.UpgradeReq_hits::total               3999                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l200.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu00.data          189                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l200.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total              189                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::cpu00.data         535638                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total              535638                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu00.inst      5484246                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l200.ReadCleanReq_hits::total          5484246                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l200.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu00.data      6965899                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l200.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         6965899                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l200.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu00.data         2196                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l200.InvalidateReq_hits::total            2196                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::cpu00.dtb.walker      2972984                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::cpu00.itb.walker       283815                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::cpu00.inst           5484246                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::cpu00.data           7501537                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total               16242582                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::cpu00.dtb.walker      2972984                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::cpu00.itb.walker       283815                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::cpu00.inst          5484246                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::cpu00.data          7501537                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total              16242582                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::cpu00.dtb.walker        23014                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::cpu00.itb.walker         2769                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total               25783                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu00.data        23841                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l200.UpgradeReq_misses::total            23841                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l200.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu00.data        12397                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l200.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          12397                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::cpu00.data       574252                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::total            574252                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu00.inst        86395                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l200.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          86395                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l200.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu00.data      2274197                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l200.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       2274197                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l200.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu00.data       397569                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l200.InvalidateReq_misses::total        397569                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::cpu00.dtb.walker        23014                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::cpu00.itb.walker         2769                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::cpu00.inst           86395                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::cpu00.data         2848449                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total              2960627                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::cpu00.dtb.walker        23014                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::cpu00.itb.walker         2769                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::cpu00.inst          86395                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::cpu00.data        2848449                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total             2960627                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::cpu00.dtb.walker      2995998                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::cpu00.itb.walker       286584                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total           3282582                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      2169967                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      2169967                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks      5500650                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.WritebackClean_accesses::total      5500650                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu00.data        27840                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          27840                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu00.data        12586                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total        12586                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu00.data      1109890                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total         1109890                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu00.inst      5570641                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total      5570641                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu00.data      9240096                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      9240096                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu00.data       399765                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.InvalidateReq_accesses::total       399765                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::cpu00.dtb.walker      2995998                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::cpu00.itb.walker       286584                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::cpu00.inst       5570641                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::cpu00.data      10349986                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total           19203209                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::cpu00.dtb.walker      2995998                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::cpu00.itb.walker       286584                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::cpu00.inst      5570641                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::cpu00.data     10349986                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total          19203209                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu00.dtb.walker     0.007682                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu00.itb.walker     0.009662                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.007854                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.856358                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l200.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.856358                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l200.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.984983                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l200.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.984983                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.517395                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.517395                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.015509                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l200.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.015509                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l200.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.246123                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l200.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.246123                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l200.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.994507                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l200.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.994507                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::cpu00.dtb.walker     0.007682                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::cpu00.itb.walker     0.009662                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.015509                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.275213                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.154174                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::cpu00.dtb.walker     0.007682                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::cpu00.itb.walker     0.009662                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.015509                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.275213                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.154174                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks             991805                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                  991805                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.replacements                      3318577                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l201.tags.tagsinuse                8411.414459                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.tags.total_refs                    685214                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.tags.sampled_refs                   95548                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.tags.avg_refs                    7.171411                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.tags.warmup_cycle            6747123054781500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    827.424231                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.dtb.walker    48.884713                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.itb.walker    59.834739                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst   3191.152578                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.data   4284.118198                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.050502                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.dtb.walker     0.002984                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.itb.walker     0.003652                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.194772                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.261482                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.tags.occ_percent::total          0.513392                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          127                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l201.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        13489                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l201.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          127                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l201.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        13489                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l201.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.007751                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l201.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.823303                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l201.tags.tag_accesses                 1484222                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l201.tags.data_accesses                1484222                       # Number of data accesses
system.l201.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::cpu01.dtb.walker        20481                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::cpu01.itb.walker        33083                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                 53564                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        90385                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l201.WritebackDirty_hits::total          90385                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l201.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       143221                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l201.WritebackClean_hits::total         143221                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l201.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu01.data          1404                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l201.UpgradeReq_hits::total               1404                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l201.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu01.data          190                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l201.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total              190                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::cpu01.data          16032                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total               16032                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu01.inst       122735                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l201.ReadCleanReq_hits::total           122735                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l201.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu01.data        85780                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l201.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           85780                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l201.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu01.data         3948                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l201.InvalidateReq_hits::total            3948                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::cpu01.dtb.walker        20481                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::cpu01.itb.walker        33083                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::cpu01.inst            122735                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::cpu01.data            101812                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                 278111                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::cpu01.dtb.walker        20481                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::cpu01.itb.walker        33083                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::cpu01.inst           122735                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::cpu01.data           101812                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                278111                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::cpu01.dtb.walker          489                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::cpu01.itb.walker          272                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total                 761                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu01.data         3362                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l201.UpgradeReq_misses::total             3362                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l201.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu01.data         4856                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l201.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           4856                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::cpu01.data         9571                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::total              9571                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu01.inst        21011                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l201.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          21011                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l201.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu01.data        49558                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l201.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         49558                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l201.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu01.data         8743                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l201.InvalidateReq_misses::total          8743                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::cpu01.dtb.walker          489                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::cpu01.itb.walker          272                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::cpu01.inst           21011                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::cpu01.data           59129                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                80901                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::cpu01.dtb.walker          489                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::cpu01.itb.walker          272                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::cpu01.inst          21011                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::cpu01.data          59129                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total               80901                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::cpu01.dtb.walker        20970                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::cpu01.itb.walker        33355                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total             54325                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        90385                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        90385                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       143221                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.WritebackClean_accesses::total       143221                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu01.data         4766                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           4766                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu01.data         5046                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         5046                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu01.data        25603                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total           25603                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu01.inst       143746                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       143746                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu01.data       135338                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       135338                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu01.data        12691                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.InvalidateReq_accesses::total        12691                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::cpu01.dtb.walker        20970                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::cpu01.itb.walker        33355                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::cpu01.inst        143746                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::cpu01.data        160941                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total             359012                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::cpu01.dtb.walker        20970                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::cpu01.itb.walker        33355                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::cpu01.inst       143746                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::cpu01.data       160941                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total            359012                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu01.dtb.walker     0.023319                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu01.itb.walker     0.008155                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.014008                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.705413                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l201.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.705413                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l201.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.962346                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l201.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.962346                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.373823                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.373823                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu01.inst     0.146168                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l201.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.146168                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l201.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.366179                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l201.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.366179                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l201.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.688913                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l201.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.688913                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::cpu01.dtb.walker     0.023319                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::cpu01.itb.walker     0.008155                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::cpu01.inst     0.146168                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.367396                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.225343                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::cpu01.dtb.walker     0.023319                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::cpu01.itb.walker     0.008155                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::cpu01.inst     0.146168                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.367396                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.225343                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks              19380                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                   19380                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.replacements                        66798                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l202.tags.tagsinuse               13719.125118                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.tags.total_refs                   2010632                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.tags.sampled_refs                  234645                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.tags.avg_refs                    8.568825                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.tags.warmup_cycle            7231117589756000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   1950.603035                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.dtb.walker    60.631617                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.itb.walker    88.020890                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   4479.312592                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.data   7140.556984                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.119055                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.dtb.walker     0.003701                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.itb.walker     0.005372                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.273396                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.435825                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.tags.occ_percent::total          0.837349                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          163                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l202.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        13989                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l202.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          163                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l202.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        13989                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l202.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.009949                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l202.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.853821                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l202.tags.tag_accesses                 4297141                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l202.tags.data_accesses                4297141                       # Number of data accesses
system.l202.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::cpu02.dtb.walker        61173                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::cpu02.itb.walker       107322                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                168495                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       226142                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l202.WritebackDirty_hits::total         226142                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l202.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       492524                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l202.WritebackClean_hits::total         492524                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l202.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu02.data           658                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l202.UpgradeReq_hits::total                658                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l202.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu02.data          379                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l202.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total              379                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::cpu02.data          38002                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::total               38002                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu02.inst       436370                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l202.ReadCleanReq_hits::total           436370                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l202.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu02.data       224089                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l202.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          224089                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l202.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu02.data         5556                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l202.InvalidateReq_hits::total            5556                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l202.demand_hits::cpu02.dtb.walker        61173                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::cpu02.itb.walker       107322                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::cpu02.inst            436370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::cpu02.data            262091                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                 866956                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::cpu02.dtb.walker        61173                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::cpu02.itb.walker       107322                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::cpu02.inst           436370                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::cpu02.data           262091                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                866956                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::cpu02.dtb.walker          943                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::cpu02.itb.walker          711                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total                1654                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu02.data         7067                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l202.UpgradeReq_misses::total             7067                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l202.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu02.data         8753                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l202.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           8753                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_misses::cpu02.data        29287                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_misses::total             29287                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l202.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu02.inst        56692                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l202.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          56692                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l202.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu02.data       117221                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l202.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        117221                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l202.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu02.data        18923                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l202.InvalidateReq_misses::total         18923                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::cpu02.dtb.walker          943                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::cpu02.itb.walker          711                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::cpu02.inst           56692                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::cpu02.data          146508                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total               204854                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::cpu02.dtb.walker          943                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::cpu02.itb.walker          711                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::cpu02.inst          56692                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::cpu02.data         146508                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total              204854                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::cpu02.dtb.walker        62116                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::cpu02.itb.walker       108033                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total            170149                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       226142                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       226142                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       492524                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.WritebackClean_accesses::total       492524                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu02.data         7725                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           7725                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu02.data         9132                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         9132                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu02.data        67289                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total           67289                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu02.inst       493062                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       493062                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu02.data       341310                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       341310                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu02.data        24479                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.InvalidateReq_accesses::total        24479                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::cpu02.dtb.walker        62116                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::cpu02.itb.walker       108033                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::cpu02.inst        493062                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::cpu02.data        408599                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total            1071810                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::cpu02.dtb.walker        62116                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::cpu02.itb.walker       108033                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::cpu02.inst       493062                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::cpu02.data       408599                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total           1071810                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu02.dtb.walker     0.015181                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu02.itb.walker     0.006581                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.009721                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.914822                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l202.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.914822                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l202.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.958498                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l202.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.958498                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.435242                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.435242                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu02.inst     0.114979                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l202.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.114979                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l202.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.343444                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l202.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.343444                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l202.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.773030                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l202.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.773030                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::cpu02.dtb.walker     0.015181                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::cpu02.itb.walker     0.006581                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::cpu02.inst     0.114979                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.358562                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.191129                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::cpu02.dtb.walker     0.015181                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::cpu02.itb.walker     0.006581                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::cpu02.inst     0.114979                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.358562                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.191129                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks              46537                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                   46537                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.replacements                       188056                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l203.tags.tagsinuse               12806.571867                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.tags.total_refs                  14921770                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.tags.sampled_refs                  514796                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.tags.avg_refs                   28.985792                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.tags.warmup_cycle            6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   1181.936605                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.dtb.walker    53.352876                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.itb.walker    46.832762                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst   2909.675142                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   8614.774482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.072140                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.dtb.walker     0.003256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.itb.walker     0.002858                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.177592                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.525804                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.tags.occ_percent::total          0.781651                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          136                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l203.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        11376                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l203.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          136                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l203.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        11376                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l203.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.008301                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l203.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.694336                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l203.tags.tag_accesses                30740388                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l203.tags.data_accesses               30740388                       # Number of data accesses
system.l203.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::cpu03.dtb.walker       169153                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::cpu03.itb.walker       522031                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                691184                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      1149591                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l203.WritebackDirty_hits::total        1149591                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l203.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks      5187134                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l203.WritebackClean_hits::total        5187134                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l203.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu03.data          1991                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l203.UpgradeReq_hits::total               1991                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l203.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu03.data          182                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l203.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total              182                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::cpu03.data         469159                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total              469159                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu03.inst      5186780                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l203.ReadCleanReq_hits::total          5186780                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l203.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu03.data      1079903                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l203.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         1079903                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l203.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu03.data         8137                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l203.InvalidateReq_hits::total            8137                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::cpu03.dtb.walker       169153                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::cpu03.itb.walker       522031                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::cpu03.inst           5186780                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::cpu03.data           1549062                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                7427026                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::cpu03.dtb.walker       169153                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::cpu03.itb.walker       522031                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::cpu03.inst          5186780                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::cpu03.data          1549062                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total               7427026                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::cpu03.dtb.walker         1929                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::cpu03.itb.walker          699                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total                2628                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu03.data        20246                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l203.UpgradeReq_misses::total            20246                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l203.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu03.data         9972                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l203.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           9972                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_misses::cpu03.data        23734                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_misses::total             23734                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l203.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu03.inst        53227                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l203.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          53227                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l203.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu03.data       226567                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l203.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        226567                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l203.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu03.data       187968                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l203.InvalidateReq_misses::total        187968                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::cpu03.dtb.walker         1929                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::cpu03.itb.walker          699                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::cpu03.inst           53227                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::cpu03.data          250301                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total               306156                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::cpu03.dtb.walker         1929                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::cpu03.itb.walker          699                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::cpu03.inst          53227                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::cpu03.data         250301                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total              306156                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::cpu03.dtb.walker       171082                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::cpu03.itb.walker       522730                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total            693812                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      1149591                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      1149591                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks      5187134                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.WritebackClean_accesses::total      5187134                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu03.data        22237                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          22237                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu03.data        10154                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total        10154                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu03.data       492893                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total          492893                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu03.inst      5240007                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total      5240007                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu03.data      1306470                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      1306470                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu03.data       196105                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.InvalidateReq_accesses::total       196105                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::cpu03.dtb.walker       171082                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::cpu03.itb.walker       522730                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::cpu03.inst       5240007                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::cpu03.data       1799363                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total            7733182                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::cpu03.dtb.walker       171082                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::cpu03.itb.walker       522730                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::cpu03.inst      5240007                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::cpu03.data      1799363                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total           7733182                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu03.dtb.walker     0.011275                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu03.itb.walker     0.001337                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.003788                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.910465                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l203.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.910465                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l203.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.982076                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l203.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.982076                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.048152                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.048152                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu03.inst     0.010158                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l203.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.010158                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l203.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.173419                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l203.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.173419                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l203.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.958507                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l203.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.958507                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::cpu03.dtb.walker     0.011275                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::cpu03.itb.walker     0.001337                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::cpu03.inst     0.010158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.139105                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.039590                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::cpu03.dtb.walker     0.011275                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::cpu03.itb.walker     0.001337                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::cpu03.inst     0.010158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.139105                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.039590                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks             332718                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                  332718                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.replacements                       459926                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l204.tags.tagsinuse               12988.069345                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.tags.total_refs                  16281319                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.tags.sampled_refs                  463574                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.tags.avg_refs                   35.121295                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.tags.warmup_cycle            6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    948.468631                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.dtb.walker   118.790781                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.itb.walker   115.868886                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst   5515.549736                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.data   6289.391312                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.057890                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.dtb.walker     0.007250                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.itb.walker     0.007072                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.336642                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.383874                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.tags.occ_percent::total          0.792729                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          248                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l204.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        14859                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l204.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l204.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          246                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l204.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           79                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l204.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          221                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l204.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        14559                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l204.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.015137                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l204.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.906921                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l204.tags.tag_accesses                33064284                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l204.tags.data_accesses               33064284                       # Number of data accesses
system.l204.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::cpu04.dtb.walker       884022                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::cpu04.itb.walker      1608627                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total               2492649                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       770413                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l204.WritebackDirty_hits::total         770413                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l204.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks      5057298                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l204.WritebackClean_hits::total        5057298                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l204.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu04.data             5                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l204.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  5                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l204.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu04.data           28                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l204.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total               28                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::cpu04.data         254148                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total              254148                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu04.inst      4961976                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l204.ReadCleanReq_hits::total          4961976                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l204.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu04.data      1258646                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l204.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         1258646                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l204.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu04.data       108414                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l204.InvalidateReq_hits::total          108414                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::cpu04.dtb.walker       884022                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::cpu04.itb.walker      1608627                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::cpu04.inst           4961976                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::cpu04.data           1512794                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                8967419                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::cpu04.dtb.walker       884022                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::cpu04.itb.walker      1608627                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::cpu04.inst          4961976                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::cpu04.data          1512794                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total               8967419                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::cpu04.dtb.walker         2733                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::cpu04.itb.walker          655                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total                3388                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu04.data        40766                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l204.UpgradeReq_misses::total            40766                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l204.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu04.data        45546                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l204.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          45546                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_misses::cpu04.data        20025                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_misses::total             20025                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l204.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu04.inst        95835                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l204.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          95835                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l204.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu04.data       183687                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l204.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        183687                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l204.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu04.data         5530                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l204.InvalidateReq_misses::total          5530                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::cpu04.dtb.walker         2733                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::cpu04.itb.walker          655                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::cpu04.inst           95835                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::cpu04.data          203712                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total               302935                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::cpu04.dtb.walker         2733                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::cpu04.itb.walker          655                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::cpu04.inst          95835                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::cpu04.data         203712                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total              302935                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::cpu04.dtb.walker       886755                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::cpu04.itb.walker      1609282                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total           2496037                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       770413                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       770413                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks      5057298                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.WritebackClean_accesses::total      5057298                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu04.data        40771                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          40771                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu04.data        45574                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total        45574                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu04.data       274173                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total          274173                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu04.inst      5057811                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total      5057811                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu04.data      1442333                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      1442333                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu04.data       113944                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.InvalidateReq_accesses::total       113944                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::cpu04.dtb.walker       886755                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::cpu04.itb.walker      1609282                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::cpu04.inst       5057811                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::cpu04.data       1716506                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total            9270354                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::cpu04.dtb.walker       886755                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::cpu04.itb.walker      1609282                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::cpu04.inst      5057811                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::cpu04.data      1716506                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total           9270354                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu04.dtb.walker     0.003082                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu04.itb.walker     0.000407                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.001357                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.999877                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l204.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.999877                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l204.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.999386                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l204.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.999386                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.073038                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.073038                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu04.inst     0.018948                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l204.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.018948                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l204.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.127354                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l204.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.127354                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l204.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.048533                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l204.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.048533                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::cpu04.dtb.walker     0.003082                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::cpu04.itb.walker     0.000407                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::cpu04.inst     0.018948                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.118678                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.032678                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::cpu04.dtb.walker     0.003082                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::cpu04.itb.walker     0.000407                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::cpu04.inst     0.018948                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.118678                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.032678                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks              29378                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                   29378                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.replacements                       228914                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l205.tags.tagsinuse               10050.996969                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.tags.total_refs                   1258694                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.tags.sampled_refs                  183554                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.tags.avg_refs                    6.857350                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.tags.warmup_cycle            7231132591138500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   1240.946883                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.tags.occ_blocks::cpu05.dtb.walker    53.815467                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.tags.occ_blocks::cpu05.itb.walker    50.754990                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.tags.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   4128.892866                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.tags.occ_blocks::cpu05.data   4576.586763                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.075741                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.tags.occ_percent::cpu05.dtb.walker     0.003285                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.tags.occ_percent::cpu05.itb.walker     0.003098                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.tags.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.252008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.tags.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.279333                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.tags.occ_percent::total          0.613464                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          100                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l205.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        14052                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l205.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          100                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l205.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        14052                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l205.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.006104                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l205.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.857666                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l205.tags.tag_accesses                 2749048                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l205.tags.data_accesses                2749048                       # Number of data accesses
system.l205.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::cpu05.dtb.walker        38601                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::cpu05.itb.walker        68473                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                107074                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       172752                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l205.WritebackDirty_hits::total         172752                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l205.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       266085                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l205.WritebackClean_hits::total         266085                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l205.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu05.data           954                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l205.UpgradeReq_hits::total                954                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l205.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu05.data          318                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l205.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total              318                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::cpu05.data          27921                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total               27921                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu05.inst       227179                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l205.ReadCleanReq_hits::total           227179                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l205.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu05.data       148507                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l205.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          148507                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l205.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu05.data         4581                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l205.InvalidateReq_hits::total            4581                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::cpu05.dtb.walker        38601                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::cpu05.itb.walker        68473                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::cpu05.inst            227179                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::cpu05.data            176428                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                 510681                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::cpu05.dtb.walker        38601                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::cpu05.itb.walker        68473                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::cpu05.inst           227179                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::cpu05.data           176428                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                510681                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::cpu05.dtb.walker          637                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::cpu05.itb.walker          646                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total                1283                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu05.data         6777                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l205.UpgradeReq_misses::total             6777                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l205.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu05.data         8109                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l205.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           8109                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_misses::cpu05.data        24637                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_misses::total             24637                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l205.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu05.inst        39430                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l205.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          39430                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l205.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu05.data        88089                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l205.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         88089                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l205.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu05.data        23290                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l205.InvalidateReq_misses::total         23290                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::cpu05.dtb.walker          637                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::cpu05.itb.walker          646                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::cpu05.inst           39430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::cpu05.data          112726                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total               153439                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::cpu05.dtb.walker          637                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::cpu05.itb.walker          646                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::cpu05.inst          39430                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::cpu05.data         112726                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total              153439                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::cpu05.dtb.walker        39238                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::cpu05.itb.walker        69119                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total            108357                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       172752                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       172752                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       266085                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.WritebackClean_accesses::total       266085                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu05.data         7731                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           7731                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu05.data         8427                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         8427                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu05.data        52558                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total           52558                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu05.inst       266609                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       266609                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu05.data       236596                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       236596                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu05.data        27871                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.InvalidateReq_accesses::total        27871                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::cpu05.dtb.walker        39238                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::cpu05.itb.walker        69119                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::cpu05.inst        266609                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::cpu05.data        289154                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total             664120                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::cpu05.dtb.walker        39238                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::cpu05.itb.walker        69119                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::cpu05.inst       266609                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::cpu05.data       289154                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total            664120                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu05.dtb.walker     0.016234                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu05.itb.walker     0.009346                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.011840                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.876601                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l205.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.876601                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l205.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.962264                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l205.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.962264                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.468758                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.468758                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu05.inst     0.147894                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l205.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.147894                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l205.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.372318                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l205.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.372318                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l205.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.835636                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l205.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.835636                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::cpu05.dtb.walker     0.016234                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::cpu05.itb.walker     0.009346                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::cpu05.inst     0.147894                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.389848                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.231041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::cpu05.dtb.walker     0.016234                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::cpu05.itb.walker     0.009346                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::cpu05.inst     0.147894                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.389848                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.231041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks              37335                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                   37335                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.replacements                       129865                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l206.tags.tagsinuse               10749.114707                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.tags.total_refs                    343205                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.tags.sampled_refs                   47019                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.tags.avg_refs                    7.299283                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.tags.warmup_cycle            6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   1753.308896                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.dtb.walker    54.946762                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.itb.walker    62.252661                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst   3944.796715                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.data   4933.809673                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.107013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.dtb.walker     0.003354                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.itb.walker     0.003800                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.240771                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.301136                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.tags.occ_percent::total          0.656074                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          140                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l206.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        12782                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l206.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          140                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l206.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        12782                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l206.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.008545                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l206.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.780151                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l206.tags.tag_accesses                  744999                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l206.tags.data_accesses                 744999                       # Number of data accesses
system.l206.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::cpu06.dtb.walker         5380                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::cpu06.itb.walker        19985                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                 25365                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        43418                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l206.WritebackDirty_hits::total          43418                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l206.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks        79161                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l206.WritebackClean_hits::total          79161                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l206.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu06.data           792                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l206.UpgradeReq_hits::total                792                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l206.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu06.data           99                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l206.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total               99                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::cpu06.data           7375                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::total                7375                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu06.inst        66582                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l206.ReadCleanReq_hits::total            66582                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l206.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu06.data        41296                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l206.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           41296                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l206.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu06.data         1710                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l206.InvalidateReq_hits::total            1710                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l206.demand_hits::cpu06.dtb.walker         5380                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::cpu06.itb.walker        19985                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::cpu06.inst             66582                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::cpu06.data             48671                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                 140618                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::cpu06.dtb.walker         5380                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::cpu06.itb.walker        19985                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::cpu06.inst            66582                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::cpu06.data            48671                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                140618                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::cpu06.dtb.walker          234                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::cpu06.itb.walker          162                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total                 396                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu06.data         1501                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l206.UpgradeReq_misses::total             1501                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l206.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu06.data         2030                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l206.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           2030                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::cpu06.data         4359                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::total              4359                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu06.inst        13101                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l206.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          13101                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l206.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu06.data        20874                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l206.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         20874                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l206.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu06.data         5508                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l206.InvalidateReq_misses::total          5508                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::cpu06.dtb.walker          234                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::cpu06.itb.walker          162                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::cpu06.inst           13101                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::cpu06.data           25233                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                38730                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::cpu06.dtb.walker          234                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::cpu06.itb.walker          162                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::cpu06.inst          13101                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::cpu06.data          25233                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total               38730                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::cpu06.dtb.walker         5614                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::cpu06.itb.walker        20147                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total             25761                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        43418                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        43418                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks        79161                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.WritebackClean_accesses::total        79161                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu06.data         2293                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           2293                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu06.data         2129                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         2129                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu06.data        11734                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total           11734                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu06.inst        79683                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        79683                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu06.data        62170                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        62170                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu06.data         7218                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.InvalidateReq_accesses::total         7218                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::cpu06.dtb.walker         5614                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::cpu06.itb.walker        20147                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::cpu06.inst         79683                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::cpu06.data         73904                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total             179348                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::cpu06.dtb.walker         5614                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::cpu06.itb.walker        20147                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::cpu06.inst        79683                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::cpu06.data        73904                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total            179348                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu06.dtb.walker     0.041682                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu06.itb.walker     0.008041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.015372                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.654601                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l206.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.654601                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l206.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.953499                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l206.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.953499                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.371485                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.371485                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu06.inst     0.164414                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l206.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.164414                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l206.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.335757                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l206.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.335757                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l206.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.763092                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l206.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.763092                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::cpu06.dtb.walker     0.041682                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::cpu06.itb.walker     0.008041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::cpu06.inst     0.164414                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.341429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.215949                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::cpu06.dtb.walker     0.041682                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::cpu06.itb.walker     0.008041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::cpu06.inst     0.164414                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.341429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.215949                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks               7833                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                    7833                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.replacements                        27373                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l207.tags.tagsinuse               10749.277857                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.tags.total_refs                    628367                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.tags.sampled_refs                   87672                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.tags.avg_refs                    7.167248                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.tags.warmup_cycle            6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    934.019423                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.dtb.walker    59.589014                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.itb.walker    83.608104                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst   3656.517714                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   6015.543602                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.057008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.dtb.walker     0.003637                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.itb.walker     0.005103                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.223176                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.367160                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.tags.occ_percent::total          0.656084                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          155                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l207.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        13866                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l207.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          155                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l207.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        13866                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l207.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.009460                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l207.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.846313                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l207.tags.tag_accesses                 1356562                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l207.tags.data_accesses                1356562                       # Number of data accesses
system.l207.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::cpu07.dtb.walker        17639                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::cpu07.itb.walker        27903                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                 45542                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        72682                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l207.WritebackDirty_hits::total          72682                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l207.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       141192                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l207.WritebackClean_hits::total         141192                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l207.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu07.data            68                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l207.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 68                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l207.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu07.data          178                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l207.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total              178                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::cpu07.data          12123                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total               12123                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu07.inst       123594                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l207.ReadCleanReq_hits::total           123594                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l207.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu07.data        71634                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l207.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           71634                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l207.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu07.data         1430                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l207.InvalidateReq_hits::total            1430                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::cpu07.dtb.walker        17639                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::cpu07.itb.walker        27903                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::cpu07.inst            123594                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::cpu07.data             83757                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                 252893                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::cpu07.dtb.walker        17639                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::cpu07.itb.walker        27903                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::cpu07.inst           123594                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::cpu07.data            83757                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                252893                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::cpu07.dtb.walker          272                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::cpu07.itb.walker          318                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total                 590                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu07.data         5141                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l207.UpgradeReq_misses::total             5141                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l207.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu07.data         4687                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l207.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           4687                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_misses::cpu07.data        12606                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_misses::total             12606                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l207.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu07.inst        18113                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l207.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          18113                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l207.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu07.data        47994                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l207.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         47994                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l207.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu07.data         5726                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l207.InvalidateReq_misses::total          5726                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::cpu07.dtb.walker          272                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::cpu07.itb.walker          318                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::cpu07.inst           18113                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::cpu07.data           60600                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                79303                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::cpu07.dtb.walker          272                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::cpu07.itb.walker          318                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::cpu07.inst          18113                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::cpu07.data          60600                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total               79303                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::cpu07.dtb.walker        17911                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::cpu07.itb.walker        28221                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total             46132                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        72682                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        72682                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       141192                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.WritebackClean_accesses::total       141192                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu07.data         5209                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           5209                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu07.data         4865                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         4865                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu07.data        24729                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total           24729                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu07.inst       141707                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       141707                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu07.data       119628                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       119628                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu07.data         7156                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.InvalidateReq_accesses::total         7156                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::cpu07.dtb.walker        17911                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::cpu07.itb.walker        28221                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::cpu07.inst        141707                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::cpu07.data        144357                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total             332196                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::cpu07.dtb.walker        17911                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::cpu07.itb.walker        28221                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::cpu07.inst       141707                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::cpu07.data       144357                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total            332196                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu07.dtb.walker     0.015186                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu07.itb.walker     0.011268                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.012789                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.986946                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l207.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.986946                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l207.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.963412                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l207.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.963412                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.509766                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.509766                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu07.inst     0.127820                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l207.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.127820                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l207.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.401194                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l207.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.401194                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l207.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.800168                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l207.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.800168                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::cpu07.dtb.walker     0.015186                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::cpu07.itb.walker     0.011268                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::cpu07.inst     0.127820                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.419793                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.238724                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::cpu07.dtb.walker     0.015186                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::cpu07.itb.walker     0.011268                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::cpu07.inst     0.127820                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.419793                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.238724                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks              13105                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                   13105                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.replacements                        52085                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l208.tags.tagsinuse               10530.846101                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.tags.total_refs                    339526                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.tags.sampled_refs                   46535                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.tags.avg_refs                    7.296143                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.tags.warmup_cycle            6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   1774.031402                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.dtb.walker    41.397855                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.itb.walker    51.718364                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst   4215.442178                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.data   4448.256301                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.108278                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.dtb.walker     0.002527                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.itb.walker     0.003157                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.257290                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.271500                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.tags.occ_percent::total          0.642752                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           91                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l208.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        10780                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l208.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           91                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l208.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        10780                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l208.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.005554                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l208.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.657959                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l208.tags.tag_accesses                  740041                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l208.tags.data_accesses                 740041                       # Number of data accesses
system.l208.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::cpu08.dtb.walker         4328                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::cpu08.itb.walker        20275                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                 24603                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        44596                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l208.WritebackDirty_hits::total          44596                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l208.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks        83331                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l208.WritebackClean_hits::total          83331                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l208.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu08.data            43                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l208.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 43                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l208.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu08.data          108                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l208.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total              108                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::cpu08.data           7008                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total                7008                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu08.inst        71651                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l208.ReadCleanReq_hits::total            71651                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l208.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu08.data        35429                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l208.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           35429                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l208.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu08.data         1623                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l208.InvalidateReq_hits::total            1623                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::cpu08.dtb.walker         4328                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::cpu08.itb.walker        20275                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::cpu08.inst             71651                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::cpu08.data             42437                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                 138691                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::cpu08.dtb.walker         4328                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::cpu08.itb.walker        20275                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::cpu08.inst            71651                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::cpu08.data            42437                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                138691                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::cpu08.dtb.walker          159                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::cpu08.itb.walker          149                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total                 308                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu08.data         2500                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l208.UpgradeReq_misses::total             2500                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l208.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu08.data         2750                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l208.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           2750                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::cpu08.data         6348                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::total              6348                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu08.inst        12199                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l208.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          12199                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l208.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu08.data        18750                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l208.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         18750                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l208.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu08.data         7053                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l208.InvalidateReq_misses::total          7053                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::cpu08.dtb.walker          159                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::cpu08.itb.walker          149                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::cpu08.inst           12199                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::cpu08.data           25098                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                37605                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::cpu08.dtb.walker          159                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::cpu08.itb.walker          149                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::cpu08.inst          12199                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::cpu08.data          25098                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total               37605                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::cpu08.dtb.walker         4487                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::cpu08.itb.walker        20424                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total             24911                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        44596                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        44596                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks        83331                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.WritebackClean_accesses::total        83331                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu08.data         2543                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           2543                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu08.data         2858                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         2858                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu08.data        13356                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total           13356                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu08.inst        83850                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        83850                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu08.data        54179                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        54179                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu08.data         8676                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.InvalidateReq_accesses::total         8676                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::cpu08.dtb.walker         4487                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::cpu08.itb.walker        20424                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::cpu08.inst         83850                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::cpu08.data         67535                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total             176296                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::cpu08.dtb.walker         4487                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::cpu08.itb.walker        20424                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::cpu08.inst        83850                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::cpu08.data        67535                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total            176296                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu08.dtb.walker     0.035436                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu08.itb.walker     0.007295                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.012364                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.983091                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l208.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.983091                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l208.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.962211                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l208.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.962211                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.475292                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.475292                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu08.inst     0.145486                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l208.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.145486                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l208.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.346075                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l208.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.346075                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l208.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.812932                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l208.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.812932                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::cpu08.dtb.walker     0.035436                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::cpu08.itb.walker     0.007295                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::cpu08.inst     0.145486                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.371630                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.213306                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::cpu08.dtb.walker     0.035436                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::cpu08.itb.walker     0.007295                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::cpu08.inst     0.145486                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.371630                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.213306                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks               5592                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                    5592                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.replacements                        22243                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l209.tags.tagsinuse               10542.054636                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.tags.total_refs                    849892                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.tags.sampled_refs                  126895                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.tags.avg_refs                    6.697600                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.tags.warmup_cycle            6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   1084.043611                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.dtb.walker    48.028104                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.itb.walker    58.503395                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst   3698.712346                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.data   5652.767180                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.066165                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.dtb.walker     0.002931                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.itb.walker     0.003571                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.225751                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.345018                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.tags.occ_percent::total          0.643436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          112                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l209.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        13909                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l209.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          112                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l209.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        13909                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l209.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.006836                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l209.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.848938                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l209.tags.tag_accesses                 1848027                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l209.tags.data_accesses                1848027                       # Number of data accesses
system.l209.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::cpu09.dtb.walker        29655                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::cpu09.itb.walker        37253                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                 66908                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       118617                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l209.WritebackDirty_hits::total         118617                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l209.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       161430                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l209.WritebackClean_hits::total         161430                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l209.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu09.data           537                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l209.UpgradeReq_hits::total                537                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l209.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu09.data          234                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l209.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total              234                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::cpu09.data          22605                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total               22605                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu09.inst       135023                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l209.ReadCleanReq_hits::total           135023                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l209.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu09.data       112094                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l209.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          112094                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l209.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu09.data         3932                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l209.InvalidateReq_hits::total            3932                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::cpu09.dtb.walker        29655                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::cpu09.itb.walker        37253                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::cpu09.inst            135023                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::cpu09.data            134699                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                 336630                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::cpu09.dtb.walker        29655                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::cpu09.itb.walker        37253                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::cpu09.inst           135023                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::cpu09.data           134699                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                336630                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::cpu09.dtb.walker          438                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::cpu09.itb.walker          362                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total                 800                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu09.data         2787                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l209.UpgradeReq_misses::total             2787                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l209.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu09.data         6631                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l209.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           6631                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::cpu09.data        14136                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::total             14136                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu09.inst        26932                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l209.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          26932                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l209.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu09.data        68510                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l209.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         68510                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l209.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu09.data        10258                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l209.InvalidateReq_misses::total         10258                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::cpu09.dtb.walker          438                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::cpu09.itb.walker          362                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::cpu09.inst           26932                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::cpu09.data           82646                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total               110378                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::cpu09.dtb.walker          438                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::cpu09.itb.walker          362                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::cpu09.inst          26932                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::cpu09.data          82646                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total              110378                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::cpu09.dtb.walker        30093                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::cpu09.itb.walker        37615                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total             67708                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       118617                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       118617                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       161430                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.WritebackClean_accesses::total       161430                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu09.data         3324                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           3324                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu09.data         6865                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         6865                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu09.data        36741                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total           36741                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu09.inst       161955                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       161955                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu09.data       180604                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       180604                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu09.data        14190                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.InvalidateReq_accesses::total        14190                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::cpu09.dtb.walker        30093                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::cpu09.itb.walker        37615                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::cpu09.inst        161955                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::cpu09.data        217345                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total             447008                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::cpu09.dtb.walker        30093                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::cpu09.itb.walker        37615                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::cpu09.inst       161955                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::cpu09.data       217345                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total            447008                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu09.dtb.walker     0.014555                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu09.itb.walker     0.009624                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.011815                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.838448                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l209.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.838448                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l209.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.965914                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l209.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.965914                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.384747                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.384747                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu09.inst     0.166293                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l209.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.166293                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l209.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.379338                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l209.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.379338                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l209.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.722903                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l209.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.722903                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::cpu09.dtb.walker     0.014555                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::cpu09.itb.walker     0.009624                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::cpu09.inst     0.166293                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.380253                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.246926                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::cpu09.dtb.walker     0.014555                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::cpu09.itb.walker     0.009624                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::cpu09.inst     0.166293                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.380253                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.246926                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks              22898                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                   22898                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.replacements                        93195                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l210.tags.tagsinuse                7643.441772                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.tags.total_refs                  21989314                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.tags.sampled_refs                 3505416                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.tags.avg_refs                    6.272954                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.tags.warmup_cycle            10891347094173500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    262.932221                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.tags.occ_blocks::cpu10.dtb.walker    32.634001                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.tags.occ_blocks::cpu10.itb.walker    21.738120                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.tags.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst    857.948257                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.tags.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   6468.189173                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.016048                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.tags.occ_percent::cpu10.dtb.walker     0.001992                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.tags.occ_percent::cpu10.itb.walker     0.001327                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.tags.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.052365                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.tags.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.394787                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.tags.occ_percent::total          0.466519                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          105                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l210.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        14661                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l210.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          105                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l210.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        14661                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l210.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.006409                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l210.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.894836                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l210.tags.tag_accesses                47861450                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l210.tags.data_accesses               47861450                       # Number of data accesses
system.l210.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::cpu10.dtb.walker      7223516                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::cpu10.itb.walker       107393                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total               7330909                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      1549067                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l210.WritebackDirty_hits::total        1549067                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l210.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       897469                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l210.WritebackClean_hits::total         897469                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l210.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu10.data          2084                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l210.UpgradeReq_hits::total               2084                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l210.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu10.data          141                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l210.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total              141                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::cpu10.data         105317                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total              105317                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu10.inst       829115                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l210.ReadCleanReq_hits::total           829115                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l210.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu10.data      3032569                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l210.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         3032569                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l210.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu10.data         5567                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l210.InvalidateReq_hits::total            5567                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::cpu10.dtb.walker      7223516                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::cpu10.itb.walker       107393                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::cpu10.inst            829115                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::cpu10.data           3137886                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total               11297910                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::cpu10.dtb.walker      7223516                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::cpu10.itb.walker       107393                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::cpu10.inst           829115                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::cpu10.data          3137886                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total              11297910                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::cpu10.dtb.walker        53152                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::cpu10.itb.walker         1334                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total               54486                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu10.data         6328                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l210.UpgradeReq_misses::total             6328                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l210.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu10.data         5168                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l210.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           5168                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_misses::cpu10.data       389000                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_misses::total            389000                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l210.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu10.inst        68885                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l210.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          68885                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l210.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu10.data      2794497                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l210.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       2794497                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l210.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu10.data       170759                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l210.InvalidateReq_misses::total        170759                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::cpu10.dtb.walker        53152                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::cpu10.itb.walker         1334                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::cpu10.inst           68885                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::cpu10.data         3183497                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total              3306868                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::cpu10.dtb.walker        53152                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::cpu10.itb.walker         1334                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::cpu10.inst          68885                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::cpu10.data        3183497                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total             3306868                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::cpu10.dtb.walker      7276668                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::cpu10.itb.walker       108727                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total           7385395                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      1549067                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      1549067                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       897469                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.WritebackClean_accesses::total       897469                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu10.data         8412                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           8412                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu10.data         5309                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         5309                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu10.data       494317                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total          494317                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu10.inst       898000                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       898000                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu10.data      5827066                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      5827066                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu10.data       176326                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.InvalidateReq_accesses::total       176326                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::cpu10.dtb.walker      7276668                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::cpu10.itb.walker       108727                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::cpu10.inst        898000                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::cpu10.data       6321383                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total           14604778                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::cpu10.dtb.walker      7276668                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::cpu10.itb.walker       108727                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::cpu10.inst       898000                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::cpu10.data      6321383                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total          14604778                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu10.dtb.walker     0.007304                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu10.itb.walker     0.012269                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.007378                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.752259                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l210.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.752259                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l210.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.973441                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l210.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.973441                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.786944                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.786944                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu10.inst     0.076709                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l210.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.076709                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l210.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.479572                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l210.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.479572                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l210.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.968428                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l210.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.968428                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::cpu10.dtb.walker     0.007304                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::cpu10.itb.walker     0.012269                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::cpu10.inst     0.076709                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.503608                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.226424                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::cpu10.dtb.walker     0.007304                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::cpu10.itb.walker     0.012269                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::cpu10.inst     0.076709                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.503608                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.226424                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks             633935                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                  633935                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.replacements                      3466908                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l211.tags.tagsinuse               11661.364898                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.tags.total_refs                    877182                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.tags.sampled_refs                  130536                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.tags.avg_refs                    6.719847                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.tags.warmup_cycle            7231127791620500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   1977.853335                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.dtb.walker    51.357562                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.itb.walker    52.268295                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   4060.737128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   5519.148579                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.120719                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.dtb.walker     0.003135                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.itb.walker     0.003190                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.247848                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.336862                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.tags.occ_percent::total          0.711753                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          122                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l211.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        14023                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l211.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          122                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l211.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        14023                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l211.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.007446                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l211.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.855896                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l211.tags.tag_accesses                 1910924                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l211.tags.data_accesses                1910924                       # Number of data accesses
system.l211.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::cpu11.dtb.walker        30292                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::cpu11.itb.walker        39239                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                 69531                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       119975                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l211.WritebackDirty_hits::total         119975                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l211.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       169566                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l211.WritebackClean_hits::total         169566                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l211.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu11.data          1017                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l211.UpgradeReq_hits::total               1017                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l211.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu11.data          224                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l211.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total              224                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::cpu11.data          21873                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::total               21873                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu11.inst       143271                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l211.ReadCleanReq_hits::total           143271                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l211.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu11.data       114365                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l211.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          114365                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l211.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu11.data         3465                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l211.InvalidateReq_hits::total            3465                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l211.demand_hits::cpu11.dtb.walker        30292                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::cpu11.itb.walker        39239                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::cpu11.inst            143271                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::cpu11.data            136238                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                 349040                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::cpu11.dtb.walker        30292                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::cpu11.itb.walker        39239                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::cpu11.inst           143271                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::cpu11.data           136238                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                349040                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::cpu11.dtb.walker          567                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::cpu11.itb.walker          415                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total                 982                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu11.data         3633                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l211.UpgradeReq_misses::total             3633                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l211.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu11.data         6718                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l211.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           6718                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::cpu11.data        13780                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::total             13780                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu11.inst        26818                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l211.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          26818                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l211.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu11.data        70611                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l211.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         70611                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l211.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu11.data        12505                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l211.InvalidateReq_misses::total         12505                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::cpu11.dtb.walker          567                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::cpu11.itb.walker          415                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::cpu11.inst           26818                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::cpu11.data           84391                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total               112191                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::cpu11.dtb.walker          567                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::cpu11.itb.walker          415                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::cpu11.inst          26818                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::cpu11.data          84391                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total              112191                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::cpu11.dtb.walker        30859                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::cpu11.itb.walker        39654                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total             70513                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       119975                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       119975                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       169566                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.WritebackClean_accesses::total       169566                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu11.data         4650                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           4650                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu11.data         6942                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         6942                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu11.data        35653                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total           35653                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu11.inst       170089                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       170089                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu11.data       184976                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       184976                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu11.data        15970                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.InvalidateReq_accesses::total        15970                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::cpu11.dtb.walker        30859                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::cpu11.itb.walker        39654                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::cpu11.inst        170089                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::cpu11.data        220629                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total             461231                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::cpu11.dtb.walker        30859                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::cpu11.itb.walker        39654                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::cpu11.inst       170089                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::cpu11.data       220629                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total            461231                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu11.dtb.walker     0.018374                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu11.itb.walker     0.010466                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.013927                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.781290                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l211.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.781290                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l211.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.967733                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l211.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.967733                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.386503                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.386503                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu11.inst     0.157670                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l211.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.157670                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l211.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.381731                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l211.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.381731                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l211.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.783031                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l211.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.783031                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::cpu11.dtb.walker     0.018374                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::cpu11.itb.walker     0.010466                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::cpu11.inst     0.157670                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.382502                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.243243                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::cpu11.dtb.walker     0.018374                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::cpu11.itb.walker     0.010466                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::cpu11.inst     0.157670                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.382502                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.243243                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks              24831                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                   24831                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.replacements                        97636                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l212.tags.tagsinuse               10521.071551                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.tags.total_refs                    238906                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.tags.sampled_refs                   37982                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.tags.avg_refs                    6.289979                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.tags.warmup_cycle            7231128368209500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   1414.776747                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.dtb.walker    52.936183                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.itb.walker    63.591449                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst   4155.771528                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.data   4833.995645                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.086351                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.dtb.walker     0.003231                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.itb.walker     0.003881                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.253648                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.295044                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.tags.occ_percent::total          0.642155                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l212.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        12406                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l212.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l212.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        12406                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l212.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.007812                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l212.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.757202                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l212.tags.tag_accesses                  524202                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l212.tags.data_accesses                 524202                       # Number of data accesses
system.l212.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::cpu12.dtb.walker         3109                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::cpu12.itb.walker        13146                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                 16255                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        29952                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l212.WritebackDirty_hits::total          29952                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l212.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks        55777                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l212.WritebackClean_hits::total          55777                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l212.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu12.data            40                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l212.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 40                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l212.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu12.data           82                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l212.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total               82                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::cpu12.data           5583                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total                5583                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu12.inst        45250                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l212.ReadCleanReq_hits::total            45250                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l212.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu12.data        24796                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l212.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           24796                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l212.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu12.data         1012                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l212.InvalidateReq_hits::total            1012                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::cpu12.dtb.walker         3109                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::cpu12.itb.walker        13146                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::cpu12.inst             45250                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::cpu12.data             30379                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                  91884                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::cpu12.dtb.walker         3109                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::cpu12.itb.walker        13146                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::cpu12.inst            45250                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::cpu12.data            30379                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                 91884                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::cpu12.dtb.walker          172                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::cpu12.itb.walker          126                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total                 298                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu12.data         2015                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l212.UpgradeReq_misses::total             2015                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l212.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu12.data         1965                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l212.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           1965                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::cpu12.data         3728                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::total              3728                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu12.inst        11049                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l212.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          11049                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l212.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu12.data        17417                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l212.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         17417                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l212.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu12.data         4116                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l212.InvalidateReq_misses::total          4116                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::cpu12.dtb.walker          172                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::cpu12.itb.walker          126                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::cpu12.inst           11049                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::cpu12.data           21145                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                32492                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::cpu12.dtb.walker          172                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::cpu12.itb.walker          126                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::cpu12.inst          11049                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::cpu12.data          21145                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total               32492                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::cpu12.dtb.walker         3281                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::cpu12.itb.walker        13272                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total             16553                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        29952                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        29952                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks        55777                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.WritebackClean_accesses::total        55777                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu12.data         2055                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           2055                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu12.data         2047                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         2047                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu12.data         9311                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total            9311                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu12.inst        56299                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        56299                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu12.data        42213                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        42213                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu12.data         5128                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.InvalidateReq_accesses::total         5128                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::cpu12.dtb.walker         3281                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::cpu12.itb.walker        13272                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::cpu12.inst         56299                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::cpu12.data         51524                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total             124376                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::cpu12.dtb.walker         3281                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::cpu12.itb.walker        13272                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::cpu12.inst        56299                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::cpu12.data        51524                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total            124376                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu12.dtb.walker     0.052423                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu12.itb.walker     0.009494                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.018003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.980535                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l212.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.980535                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l212.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.959941                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l212.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.959941                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.400387                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.400387                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu12.inst     0.196256                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l212.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.196256                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l212.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.412598                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l212.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.412598                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l212.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.802652                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l212.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.802652                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::cpu12.dtb.walker     0.052423                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::cpu12.itb.walker     0.009494                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::cpu12.inst     0.196256                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.410391                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.261240                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::cpu12.dtb.walker     0.052423                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::cpu12.itb.walker     0.009494                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::cpu12.inst     0.196256                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.410391                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.261240                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks               4404                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                    4404                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.replacements                        17979                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l213.tags.tagsinuse               10343.107946                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.tags.total_refs                   3780995                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.tags.sampled_refs                  113134                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.tags.avg_refs                   33.420501                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.tags.warmup_cycle            6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    512.854870                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.dtb.walker   114.762834                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.itb.walker   148.700148                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst   5426.415792                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.data   4140.374302                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.031302                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.dtb.walker     0.007005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.itb.walker     0.009076                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.331202                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.252708                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.tags.occ_percent::total          0.631293                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          268                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l213.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        10151                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l213.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          268                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l213.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        10151                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l213.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.016357                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l213.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.619568                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l213.tags.tag_accesses                 7684110                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l213.tags.data_accesses                7684110                       # Number of data accesses
system.l213.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::cpu13.dtb.walker       193515                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::cpu13.itb.walker       367792                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                561307                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       183848                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l213.WritebackDirty_hits::total         183848                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l213.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks      1169863                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l213.WritebackClean_hits::total        1169863                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l213.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu13.data            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l213.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total                6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::cpu13.data          61979                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total               61979                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu13.inst      1144980                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l213.ReadCleanReq_hits::total          1144980                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l213.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu13.data       297238                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l213.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          297238                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l213.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu13.data        23715                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l213.InvalidateReq_hits::total           23715                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::cpu13.dtb.walker       193515                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::cpu13.itb.walker       367792                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::cpu13.inst           1144980                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::cpu13.data            359217                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                2065504                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::cpu13.dtb.walker       193515                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::cpu13.itb.walker       367792                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::cpu13.inst          1144980                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::cpu13.data           359217                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total               2065504                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::cpu13.dtb.walker          802                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::cpu13.itb.walker          350                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total                1152                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu13.data        11600                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l213.UpgradeReq_misses::total            11600                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l213.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu13.data        10757                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l213.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          10757                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::cpu13.data         6320                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::total              6320                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu13.inst        25395                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l213.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          25395                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l213.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu13.data        47383                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l213.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         47383                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l213.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu13.data         1886                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l213.InvalidateReq_misses::total          1886                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::cpu13.dtb.walker          802                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::cpu13.itb.walker          350                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::cpu13.inst           25395                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::cpu13.data           53703                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                80250                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::cpu13.dtb.walker          802                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::cpu13.itb.walker          350                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::cpu13.inst          25395                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::cpu13.data          53703                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total               80250                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::cpu13.dtb.walker       194317                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::cpu13.itb.walker       368142                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total            562459                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       183848                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       183848                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks      1169863                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.WritebackClean_accesses::total      1169863                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu13.data        11600                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          11600                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu13.data        10763                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total        10763                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu13.data        68299                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total           68299                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu13.inst      1170375                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total      1170375                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu13.data       344621                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       344621                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu13.data        25601                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.InvalidateReq_accesses::total        25601                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::cpu13.dtb.walker       194317                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::cpu13.itb.walker       368142                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::cpu13.inst       1170375                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::cpu13.data        412920                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total            2145754                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::cpu13.dtb.walker       194317                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::cpu13.itb.walker       368142                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::cpu13.inst      1170375                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::cpu13.data       412920                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total           2145754                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu13.dtb.walker     0.004127                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu13.itb.walker     0.000951                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.002048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l213.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l213.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.999443                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l213.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.999443                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.092534                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.092534                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu13.inst     0.021698                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l213.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.021698                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l213.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.137493                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l213.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.137493                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l213.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.073669                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l213.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.073669                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::cpu13.dtb.walker     0.004127                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::cpu13.itb.walker     0.000951                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::cpu13.inst     0.021698                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.130057                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.037399                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::cpu13.dtb.walker     0.004127                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::cpu13.itb.walker     0.000951                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::cpu13.inst     0.021698                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.130057                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.037399                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks               6315                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                    6315                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.replacements                        46320                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l214.tags.tagsinuse               11418.316250                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.tags.total_refs                  58059271                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.tags.sampled_refs                 1440758                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.tags.avg_refs                   40.297726                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.tags.warmup_cycle            6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   1954.001968                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.dtb.walker    62.883991                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.itb.walker    81.091099                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst   4176.226558                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.data   5144.112634                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.119263                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.dtb.walker     0.003838                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.itb.walker     0.004949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.254897                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.313972                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.tags.occ_percent::total          0.696919                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          196                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l214.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        15049                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l214.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l214.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::1           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l214.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l214.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          176                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l214.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l214.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          196                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l214.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          876                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l214.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        13963                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l214.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.011963                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l214.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.918518                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l214.tags.tag_accesses               117740356                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l214.tags.data_accesses              117740356                       # Number of data accesses
system.l214.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::cpu14.dtb.walker       977268                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::cpu14.itb.walker      6007099                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total               6984367                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      2970873                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l214.WritebackDirty_hits::total        2970873                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l214.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks     19859236                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l214.WritebackClean_hits::total       19859236                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l214.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu14.data           531                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l214.UpgradeReq_hits::total                531                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l214.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu14.data          131                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l214.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total              131                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::cpu14.data         886969                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total              886969                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu14.inst     19428710                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l214.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         19428710                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l214.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu14.data      3982905                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l214.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         3982905                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l214.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu14.data       232522                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l214.InvalidateReq_hits::total          232522                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::cpu14.dtb.walker       977268                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::cpu14.itb.walker      6007099                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::cpu14.inst          19428710                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::cpu14.data           4869874                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total               31282951                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::cpu14.dtb.walker       977268                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::cpu14.itb.walker      6007099                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::cpu14.inst         19428710                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::cpu14.data          4869874                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total              31282951                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::cpu14.dtb.walker        32371                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::cpu14.itb.walker        24986                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total               57357                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu14.data        53385                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l214.UpgradeReq_misses::total            53385                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l214.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu14.data        42890                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l214.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          42890                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::cpu14.data        87044                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::total             87044                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu14.inst       431043                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l214.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         431043                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l214.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu14.data       430403                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l214.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        430403                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l214.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu14.data        66399                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l214.InvalidateReq_misses::total         66399                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::cpu14.dtb.walker        32371                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::cpu14.itb.walker        24986                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::cpu14.inst          431043                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::cpu14.data          517447                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total              1005847                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::cpu14.dtb.walker        32371                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::cpu14.itb.walker        24986                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::cpu14.inst         431043                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::cpu14.data         517447                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total             1005847                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::cpu14.dtb.walker      1009639                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::cpu14.itb.walker      6032085                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total           7041724                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      2970873                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      2970873                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks     19859236                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.WritebackClean_accesses::total     19859236                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu14.data        53916                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          53916                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu14.data        43021                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total        43021                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu14.data       974013                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total          974013                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu14.inst     19859753                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total     19859753                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu14.data      4413308                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      4413308                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu14.data       298921                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.InvalidateReq_accesses::total       298921                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::cpu14.dtb.walker      1009639                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::cpu14.itb.walker      6032085                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::cpu14.inst      19859753                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::cpu14.data       5387321                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total           32288798                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::cpu14.dtb.walker      1009639                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::cpu14.itb.walker      6032085                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::cpu14.inst     19859753                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::cpu14.data      5387321                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total          32288798                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu14.dtb.walker     0.032062                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu14.itb.walker     0.004142                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.008145                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.990151                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l214.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.990151                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l214.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.996955                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l214.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.996955                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.089366                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.089366                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu14.inst     0.021704                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l214.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.021704                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l214.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.097524                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l214.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.097524                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l214.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.222129                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l214.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.222129                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::cpu14.dtb.walker     0.032062                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::cpu14.itb.walker     0.004142                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::cpu14.inst     0.021704                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.096049                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.031152                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::cpu14.dtb.walker     0.032062                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::cpu14.itb.walker     0.004142                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::cpu14.inst     0.021704                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.096049                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.031152                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks             218218                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                  218218                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.replacements                      1056611                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l215.tags.tagsinuse               13030.635866                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.tags.total_refs                   5092715                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.tags.sampled_refs                  221806                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.tags.avg_refs                   22.960222                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.tags.warmup_cycle            6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   1448.756692                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.dtb.walker   123.476534                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.itb.walker   127.821161                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst   5140.849953                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.data   6189.731527                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.088425                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.dtb.walker     0.007536                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.itb.walker     0.007802                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.313773                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.377791                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.tags.occ_percent::total          0.795327                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          238                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l215.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        13866                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l215.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          238                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l215.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        13866                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l215.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.014526                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l215.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.846313                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l215.tags.tag_accesses                10437526                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l215.tags.data_accesses               10437526                       # Number of data accesses
system.l215.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::cpu15.dtb.walker       241479                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::cpu15.itb.walker       467361                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                708840                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       305400                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l215.WritebackDirty_hits::total         305400                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l215.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks      1514374                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l215.WritebackClean_hits::total        1514374                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l215.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu15.data          1283                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l215.UpgradeReq_hits::total               1283                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l215.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu15.data          247                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l215.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total              247                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::cpu15.data          85756                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total               85756                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu15.inst      1467305                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l215.ReadCleanReq_hits::total          1467305                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l215.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu15.data       430620                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l215.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          430620                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l215.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu15.data        29679                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l215.InvalidateReq_hits::total           29679                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::cpu15.dtb.walker       241479                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::cpu15.itb.walker       467361                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::cpu15.inst           1467305                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::cpu15.data            516376                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                2692521                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::cpu15.dtb.walker       241479                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::cpu15.itb.walker       467361                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::cpu15.inst          1467305                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::cpu15.data           516376                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total               2692521                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::cpu15.dtb.walker         1350                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::cpu15.itb.walker          644                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total                1994                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu15.data        17231                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l215.UpgradeReq_misses::total            17231                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l215.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu15.data        18157                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l215.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          18157                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::cpu15.data        15443                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::total             15443                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu15.inst        47596                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l215.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          47596                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l215.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu15.data       104748                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l215.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        104748                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l215.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu15.data        11377                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l215.InvalidateReq_misses::total         11377                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::cpu15.dtb.walker         1350                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::cpu15.itb.walker          644                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::cpu15.inst           47596                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::cpu15.data          120191                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total               169781                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::cpu15.dtb.walker         1350                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::cpu15.itb.walker          644                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::cpu15.inst          47596                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::cpu15.data         120191                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total              169781                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::cpu15.dtb.walker       242829                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::cpu15.itb.walker       468005                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total            710834                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       305400                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       305400                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks      1514374                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.WritebackClean_accesses::total      1514374                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu15.data        18514                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          18514                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu15.data        18404                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total        18404                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu15.data       101199                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total          101199                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu15.inst      1514901                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total      1514901                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu15.data       535368                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       535368                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu15.data        41056                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.InvalidateReq_accesses::total        41056                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::cpu15.dtb.walker       242829                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::cpu15.itb.walker       468005                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::cpu15.inst       1514901                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::cpu15.data        636567                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total            2862302                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::cpu15.dtb.walker       242829                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::cpu15.itb.walker       468005                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::cpu15.inst      1514901                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::cpu15.data       636567                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total           2862302                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu15.dtb.walker     0.005559                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu15.itb.walker     0.001376                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.002805                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.930701                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l215.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.930701                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l215.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.986579                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l215.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.986579                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.152600                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.152600                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu15.inst     0.031419                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l215.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.031419                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l215.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.195656                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l215.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.195656                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l215.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.277109                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l215.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.277109                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::cpu15.dtb.walker     0.005559                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::cpu15.itb.walker     0.001376                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::cpu15.inst     0.031419                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.188811                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.059316                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::cpu15.dtb.walker     0.005559                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::cpu15.itb.walker     0.001376                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::cpu15.inst     0.031419                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.188811                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.059316                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks              26719                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                   26719                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.replacements                       129070                       # number of replacements
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      20474365                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      9109627                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests      3300628                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               42063                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            7793424                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq              29959                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp             29959                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      2953787                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          6664971                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           225539                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         191386                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          416925                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           1216911                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          1216911                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       7751361                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq       1470410                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp      1470410                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1608206                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total      1608206                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l200.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        16714                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l200.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        25988                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l200.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     10067169                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l200.mem_side::total     10109871                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l201.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio          830                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l201.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       260228                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l201.mem_side::total       261058                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l202.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         4660                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l202.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         2018                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l202.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       660644                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l202.mem_side::total       667322                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l203.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         4362                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l203.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         9868                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l203.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1495034                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l203.mem_side::total      1509264                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l204.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          540                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l204.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        25678                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l204.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       969067                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l204.mem_side::total       995285                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l205.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          144                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l205.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         1658                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l205.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       509164                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l205.mem_side::total       510966                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l206.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           72                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l206.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio          522                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l206.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       121678                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l206.mem_side::total       122272                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l207.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          216                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l207.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         1526                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l207.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       240092                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l207.mem_side::total       241834                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l208.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           72                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l208.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio          476                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l208.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       121116                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l208.mem_side::total       121664                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l209.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           72                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l209.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio          746                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l209.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       350579                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l209.mem_side::total       351397                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l210.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         9936                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l210.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         2764                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l210.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     10420808                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l210.mem_side::total     10433508                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l211.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         1030                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l211.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       364820                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l211.mem_side::total       365850                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l212.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          180                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l212.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio          610                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l212.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        98348                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l212.mem_side::total        99138                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l213.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         6734                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l213.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       247172                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l213.mem_side::total       253906                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l214.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        17840                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l214.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      3246086                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l214.mem_side::total      3263926                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l215.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         8788                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l215.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       549761                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l215.mem_side::total       558549                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               31474016                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     34307712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total     34307712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l200.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        11778                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l200.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        51976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l200.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    252856960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l200.mem_side::total    252920714                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l201.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         1660                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l201.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      6397760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l201.mem_side::total      6399420                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l202.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         2920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l202.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         4036                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l202.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     16014272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l202.mem_side::total     16021228                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l203.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         4032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l203.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        19736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l203.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     40831552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l203.mem_side::total     40855320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l204.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          315                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l204.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        51356                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l204.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     21233728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l204.mem_side::total     21285399                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l205.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           84                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l205.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         3316                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l205.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12124736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l205.mem_side::total     12128136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l206.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           42                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l206.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         1044                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l206.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      2972096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l206.mem_side::total      2973182                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l207.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          126                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l207.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         3052                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l207.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      5884416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l207.mem_side::total      5887594                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l208.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           42                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l208.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio          952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l208.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      2732096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l208.mem_side::total      2733090                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l209.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           42                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l209.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         1492                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l209.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      8506304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l209.mem_side::total      8507838                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l210.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         5796                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l210.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         5528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l210.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    252093056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l210.mem_side::total    252104380                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l211.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         2060                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l211.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      8736192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l211.mem_side::total      8738252                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l212.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          105                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l212.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         1220                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l212.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      2335232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l212.mem_side::total      2336557                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l213.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        13468                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l213.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      5521664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l213.mem_side::total      5535132                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l214.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        35680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l214.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     77934336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l214.mem_side::total     77970016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l215.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        17576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l215.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12529664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l215.mem_side::total     12547240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               763251210                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples          10927629                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean             0.984261                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev            2.788694                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                 8143132     74.52%     74.52% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                 1553228     14.21%     88.73% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                  187183      1.71%     90.45% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::3                  188443      1.72%     92.17% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::4                   86548      0.79%     92.96% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::5                   77845      0.71%     93.67% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::6                   73876      0.68%     94.35% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::7                   63919      0.58%     94.94% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::8                   52262      0.48%     95.41% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::9                   60184      0.55%     95.96% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::10                  51034      0.47%     96.43% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::11                  51364      0.47%     96.90% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::12                  71711      0.66%     97.56% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::13                  72118      0.66%     98.22% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::14                 118287      1.08%     99.30% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::15                  76495      0.70%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::16                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::17                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value              15                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total            10927629                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.directResponses                       0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.membus.badaddr_responder.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.pci_host.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pci_ide.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.clock24MHz.voltage_domain.voltage     3.300000                       # Voltage in Volts
system.realview.clock24MHz.clock                41667                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.realview_io.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.dcc.osc_cpu.clock               16667                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.dcc.osc_ddr.clock               25000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.dcc.osc_hsbm.clock              25000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.dcc.osc_pxl.clock               42105                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.dcc.osc_smb.clock               20000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.dcc.osc_sys.clock               16667                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.energy_ctrl.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.ethernet.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAReads               0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAWrites              0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.postedSwi                  0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedSwi             nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalSwi                   0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxIdle               0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle          nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxIdle                0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOk                 0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOk            nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOk                  0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxDesc               0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc          nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxDesc                0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxOk                 0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxOk            nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxOk                  0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxIdle               0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle          nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxIdle                0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxDesc               0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc          nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxDesc                0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOrn                0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn           nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOrn                 0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTotal           nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.droppedPackets             0                       # number of packets dropped
system.realview.gic.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.generic_timer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.gicv2m.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.hdlcd.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.kmi0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.kmi1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.mcc.osc_clcd.clock              42105                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.mcc.osc_mcc.clock               20000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.mcc.osc_peripheral.clock        41667                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.mcc.osc_system_bus.clock        41667                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.rtc.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.uart0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.vgic.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.vio0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.vio1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.viopci.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus00.snoop_filter.tot_requests     32708993                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus00.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     16386939                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus00.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests       121210                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus00.snoop_filter.tot_snoops       236618                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus00.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       236467                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus00.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops          151                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus00.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::ReadReq          3338001                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::ReadResp        18148738                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::WriteReq            8049                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::WriteResp           8049                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      2169967                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::WritebackClean      5570129                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::CleanEvict       8535845                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         27840                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        12586                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        40426                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::ReadExReq        1109890                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::ReadExResp       1109890                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq      5570641                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      9240096                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::CleanSharedReq         1664                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::CleanSharedResp         1664                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::InvalidateReq       399765                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::InvalidateResp       399765                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.pkt_count_system.cpu00.icache.mem_side::system.l200.cpu_side     16711411                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus00.pkt_count_system.cpu00.dcache.mem_side::system.l200.cpu_side     32332196                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus00.pkt_count_system.cpu00.itb.walker.dma::system.l200.cpu_side       579010                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus00.pkt_count_system.cpu00.dtb.walker.dma::system.l200.cpu_side      6070388                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus00.pkt_count::total            55693005                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus00.pkt_size_system.cpu00.icache.mem_side::system.l200.cpu_side    713009280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus00.pkt_size_system.cpu00.dcache.mem_side::system.l200.cpu_side    801340746                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus00.pkt_size_system.cpu00.itb.walker.dma::system.l200.cpu_side      2316040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus00.pkt_size_system.cpu00.dtb.walker.dma::system.l200.cpu_side     24281552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus00.pkt_size::total           1540947618                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus00.snoops                       4490404                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus00.snoopTraffic                63475520                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus00.snoop_fanout::samples       24137970                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus00.snoop_fanout::mean          0.017754                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus00.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.132104                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus00.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus00.snoop_fanout::0             23709572     98.23%     98.23% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus00.snoop_fanout::1               428247      1.77%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus00.snoop_fanout::2                  151      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus00.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus00.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus00.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus00.snoop_fanout::total         24137970                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus00.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus01.snoop_filter.tot_requests       661210                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus01.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       343835                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus01.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           32                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus01.snoop_filter.tot_snoops       121900                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus01.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       121900                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus01.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus01.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::ReadReq            70239                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::ReadResp          349323                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::WriteReq             133                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::WriteResp            133                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        90385                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::WritebackClean       143234                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::CleanEvict         79235                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          4766                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         5046                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         9812                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::ReadExReq          25603                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::ReadExResp         25603                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       143746                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       135338                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        12691                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        12691                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.pkt_count_system.cpu01.icache.mem_side::system.l201.cpu_side       430726                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus01.pkt_count_system.cpu01.dcache.mem_side::system.l201.cpu_side       537338                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus01.pkt_count_system.cpu01.itb.walker.dma::system.l201.cpu_side        74264                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus01.pkt_count_system.cpu01.dtb.walker.dma::system.l201.cpu_side        65650                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus01.pkt_count::total             1107978                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus01.pkt_size_system.cpu01.icache.mem_side::system.l201.cpu_side     18366720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus01.pkt_size_system.cpu01.dcache.mem_side::system.l201.cpu_side     16086524                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus01.pkt_size_system.cpu01.itb.walker.dma::system.l201.cpu_side       297056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus01.pkt_size_system.cpu01.dtb.walker.dma::system.l201.cpu_side       262600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus01.pkt_size::total             35012900                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus01.snoops                        646801                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus01.snoopTraffic                 1240320                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus01.snoop_fanout::samples        1038699                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus01.snoop_fanout::mean          0.137767                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus01.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.344655                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus01.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus01.snoop_fanout::0               895601     86.22%     86.22% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus01.snoop_fanout::1               143098     13.78%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus01.snoop_fanout::2                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus01.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus01.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus01.snoop_fanout::max_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus01.snoop_fanout::total          1038699                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus01.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus02.snoop_filter.tot_requests      1937515                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus02.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       963360                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus02.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           51                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus02.snoop_filter.tot_snoops       131014                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus02.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       131014                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus02.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus02.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::ReadReq           193686                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::ReadResp         1028058                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::WriteReq            1736                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::WriteResp           1736                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       226142                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::WritebackClean       492550                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::CleanEvict        199461                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          7725                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         9132                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        16857                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::ReadExReq          67289                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::ReadExResp         67289                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       493062                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       341310                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::CleanSharedReq        48192                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::CleanSharedResp        48192                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        24479                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        24479                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.pkt_count_system.cpu02.icache.mem_side::system.l202.cpu_side      1478674                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus02.pkt_count_system.cpu02.dcache.mem_side::system.l202.cpu_side      1428535                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus02.pkt_count_system.cpu02.itb.walker.dma::system.l202.cpu_side       228844                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus02.pkt_count_system.cpu02.dtb.walker.dma::system.l202.cpu_side       155322                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus02.pkt_count::total             3291375                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus02.pkt_size_system.cpu02.icache.mem_side::system.l202.cpu_side     63079168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus02.pkt_size_system.cpu02.dcache.mem_side::system.l202.cpu_side     40630380                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus02.pkt_size_system.cpu02.itb.walker.dma::system.l202.cpu_side       915376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus02.pkt_size_system.cpu02.dtb.walker.dma::system.l202.cpu_side       621288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus02.pkt_size::total            105246212                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus02.snoops                        921134                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus02.snoopTraffic                 2978368                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus02.snoop_fanout::samples        2093874                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus02.snoop_fanout::mean          0.076049                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus02.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.265077                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus02.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus02.snoop_fanout::0              1934636     92.40%     92.40% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus02.snoop_fanout::1               159238      7.60%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus02.snoop_fanout::2                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus02.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus02.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus02.snoop_fanout::max_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus02.snoop_fanout::total          2093874                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus02.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus03.snoop_filter.tot_requests     14531761                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus03.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      7285136                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus03.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests        66773                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus03.snoop_filter.tot_snoops       158703                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus03.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       158696                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus03.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            7                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus03.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::ReadReq           728028                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::ReadResp         7275487                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::WriteReq            3472                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::WriteResp           3472                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1149591                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::WritebackClean      5240477                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::CleanEvict        827631                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         22237                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        10154                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        32391                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::ReadExReq         492893                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::ReadExResp        492893                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq      5240989                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      1306470                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::CleanSharedReq        10176                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::CleanSharedResp        10176                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::InvalidateReq       196105                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::InvalidateResp       196105                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.pkt_count_system.cpu03.icache.mem_side::system.l203.cpu_side     15722455                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus03.pkt_count_system.cpu03.dcache.mem_side::system.l203.cpu_side      6067522                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus03.pkt_count_system.cpu03.itb.walker.dma::system.l203.cpu_side      1060168                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus03.pkt_count_system.cpu03.dtb.walker.dma::system.l203.cpu_side       388602                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus03.pkt_count::total            23238747                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus03.pkt_size_system.cpu03.icache.mem_side::system.l203.cpu_side    670813824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus03.pkt_size_system.cpu03.dcache.mem_side::system.l203.cpu_side    188756824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus03.pkt_size_system.cpu03.itb.walker.dma::system.l203.cpu_side      4240672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus03.pkt_size_system.cpu03.dtb.walker.dma::system.l203.cpu_side      1554408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus03.pkt_size::total            865365728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus03.snoops                       1175613                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus03.snoopTraffic                21293952                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus03.snoop_fanout::samples        9140778                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus03.snoop_fanout::mean          0.028501                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus03.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.166404                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus03.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus03.snoop_fanout::0              8880264     97.15%     97.15% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus03.snoop_fanout::1               260507      2.85%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus03.snoop_fanout::2                    7      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus03.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus03.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus03.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus03.snoop_fanout::total          9140778                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus03.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus04.snoop_filter.tot_requests     13808493                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus04.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      6920256                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus04.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            4                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus04.snoop_filter.tot_snoops       291234                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus04.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       291234                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus04.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus04.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::ReadReq          2505707                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::ReadResp         9005851                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::WriteReq            4327                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::WriteResp           4327                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       770413                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::WritebackClean      5057299                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::CleanEvict       1002004                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         40771                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        45574                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        86345                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::ReadExReq         274173                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::ReadExResp        274173                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq      5057811                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      1442333                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::InvalidateReq       113944                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::InvalidateResp       113944                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.pkt_count_system.cpu04.icache.mem_side::system.l204.cpu_side     15172921                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus04.pkt_count_system.cpu04.dcache.mem_side::system.l204.cpu_side      5632225                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus04.pkt_count_system.cpu04.itb.walker.dma::system.l204.cpu_side      3219326                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus04.pkt_count_system.cpu04.dtb.walker.dma::system.l204.cpu_side      1774524                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus04.pkt_count::total            25798996                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus04.pkt_size_system.cpu04.icache.mem_side::system.l204.cpu_side    647367040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus04.pkt_size_system.cpu04.dcache.mem_side::system.l204.cpu_side    159214487                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus04.pkt_size_system.cpu04.itb.walker.dma::system.l204.cpu_side     12877304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus04.pkt_size_system.cpu04.dtb.walker.dma::system.l204.cpu_side      7098096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus04.pkt_size::total            826556927                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus04.snoops                       1113426                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus04.snoopTraffic                 1880192                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus04.snoop_fanout::samples       10500681                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus04.snoop_fanout::mean          0.028132                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus04.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.165351                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus04.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus04.snoop_fanout::0             10205272     97.19%     97.19% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus04.snoop_fanout::1               295409      2.81%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus04.snoop_fanout::2                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus04.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus04.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus04.snoop_fanout::max_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus04.snoop_fanout::total         10500681                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus04.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus05.snoop_filter.tot_requests      1198680                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus05.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       615059                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus05.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           36                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus05.snoop_filter.tot_snoops       126130                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus05.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       126130                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus05.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus05.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::ReadReq           127157                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::ReadResp          630362                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::WriteReq             320                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::WriteResp            320                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       172752                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::WritebackClean       266097                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::CleanEvict        135785                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          7731                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         8427                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        16158                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::ReadExReq          52558                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::ReadExResp         52558                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       266609                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       236596                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        27871                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        27871                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.pkt_count_system.cpu05.icache.mem_side::system.l205.cpu_side       799315                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus05.pkt_count_system.cpu05.dcache.mem_side::system.l205.cpu_side       976705                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus05.pkt_count_system.cpu05.itb.walker.dma::system.l205.cpu_side       148040                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus05.pkt_count_system.cpu05.dtb.walker.dma::system.l205.cpu_side       105112                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus05.pkt_count::total             2029172                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus05.pkt_size_system.cpu05.icache.mem_side::system.l205.cpu_side     34093184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus05.pkt_size_system.cpu05.dcache.mem_side::system.l205.cpu_side     29565384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus05.pkt_size_system.cpu05.itb.walker.dma::system.l205.cpu_side       592160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus05.pkt_size_system.cpu05.dtb.walker.dma::system.l205.cpu_side       420448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus05.pkt_size::total             64671176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus05.snoops                        797807                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus05.snoopTraffic                 2389440                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus05.snoop_fanout::samples        1512076                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus05.snoop_fanout::mean          0.099479                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus05.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.299304                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus05.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus05.snoop_fanout::0              1361656     90.05%     90.05% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus05.snoop_fanout::1               150420      9.95%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus05.snoop_fanout::2                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus05.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus05.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus05.snoop_fanout::max_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus05.snoop_fanout::total          1512076                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus05.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus06.snoop_filter.tot_requests       334734                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus06.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       173353                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus06.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           25                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus06.snoop_filter.tot_snoops       114420                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus06.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       114420                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus06.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus06.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::ReadReq            34029                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::ReadResp          175882                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::WriteReq              97                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::WriteResp             97                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        43418                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::WritebackClean        79171                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::CleanEvict         35438                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          2293                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         2129                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         4422                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::ReadExReq          11734                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::ReadExResp         11734                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq        79683                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        62170                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::CleanSharedReq          576                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::CleanSharedResp          576                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         7218                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::InvalidateResp         7218                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.pkt_count_system.cpu06.icache.mem_side::system.l206.cpu_side       238537                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus06.pkt_count_system.cpu06.dcache.mem_side::system.l206.cpu_side       251690                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus06.pkt_count_system.cpu06.itb.walker.dma::system.l206.cpu_side        43038                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus06.pkt_count_system.cpu06.dtb.walker.dma::system.l206.cpu_side        24620                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus06.pkt_count::total              557885                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus06.pkt_size_system.cpu06.icache.mem_side::system.l206.cpu_side     10166656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus06.pkt_size_system.cpu06.dcache.mem_side::system.l206.cpu_side      7509694                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus06.pkt_size_system.cpu06.itb.walker.dma::system.l206.cpu_side       172152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus06.pkt_size_system.cpu06.dtb.walker.dma::system.l206.cpu_side        98480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus06.pkt_size::total             17946982                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus06.snoops                        701058                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus06.snoopTraffic                  501312                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus06.snoop_fanout::samples         898480                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus06.snoop_fanout::mean          0.139512                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus06.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.346481                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus06.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus06.snoop_fanout::0               773131     86.05%     86.05% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus06.snoop_fanout::1               125349     13.95%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus06.snoop_fanout::2                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus06.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus06.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus06.snoop_fanout::max_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus06.snoop_fanout::total           898480                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus06.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus07.snoop_filter.tot_requests       598360                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus07.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       303220                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus07.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            8                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus07.snoop_filter.tot_snoops       138783                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus07.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       138783                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus07.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus07.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::ReadReq            51001                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::ReadResp          312336                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::WriteReq             313                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::WriteResp            313                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        72682                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::WritebackClean       141195                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::CleanEvict         71150                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          5209                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         4865                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        10074                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::ReadExReq          24729                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::ReadExResp         24729                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       141707                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       119628                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::CleanSharedReq         1920                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::CleanSharedResp         1920                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         7156                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::InvalidateResp         7156                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.pkt_count_system.cpu07.icache.mem_side::system.l207.cpu_side       424609                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus07.pkt_count_system.cpu07.dcache.mem_side::system.l207.cpu_side       472588                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus07.pkt_count_system.cpu07.itb.walker.dma::system.l207.cpu_side        59504                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus07.pkt_count_system.cpu07.dtb.walker.dma::system.l207.cpu_side        41382                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus07.pkt_count::total              998083                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus07.pkt_size_system.cpu07.icache.mem_side::system.l207.cpu_side     18105728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus07.pkt_size_system.cpu07.dcache.mem_side::system.l207.cpu_side     13893674                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus07.pkt_size_system.cpu07.itb.walker.dma::system.l207.cpu_side       238016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus07.pkt_size_system.cpu07.dtb.walker.dma::system.l207.cpu_side       165528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus07.pkt_size::total             32402946                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus07.snoops                        706710                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus07.snoopTraffic                  838720                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus07.snoop_fanout::samples        1048872                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus07.snoop_fanout::mean          0.140065                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus07.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.347054                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus07.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus07.snoop_fanout::0               901962     85.99%     85.99% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus07.snoop_fanout::1               146910     14.01%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus07.snoop_fanout::2                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus07.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus07.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus07.snoop_fanout::max_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus07.snoop_fanout::total          1048872                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus07.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus08.snoop_filter.tot_requests       325805                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus08.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       165748                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus08.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           18                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus08.snoop_filter.tot_snoops       122497                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus08.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       122497                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus08.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus08.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::ReadReq            27947                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::ReadResp          165976                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::WriteReq             100                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::WriteResp            100                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        44596                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::WritebackClean        83338                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::CleanEvict         28464                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          2543                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         2858                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         5401                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::ReadExReq          13356                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::ReadExResp         13356                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq        83850                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        54179                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         8676                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::InvalidateResp         8676                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.pkt_count_system.cpu08.icache.mem_side::system.l208.cpu_side       251038                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus08.pkt_count_system.cpu08.dcache.mem_side::system.l208.cpu_side       236832                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus08.pkt_count_system.cpu08.itb.walker.dma::system.l208.cpu_side        43568                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus08.pkt_count_system.cpu08.dtb.walker.dma::system.l208.cpu_side        11978                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus08.pkt_count::total              543416                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus08.pkt_size_system.cpu08.icache.mem_side::system.l208.cpu_side     10700032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus08.pkt_size_system.cpu08.dcache.mem_side::system.l208.cpu_side      7177378                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus08.pkt_size_system.cpu08.itb.walker.dma::system.l208.cpu_side       174272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus08.pkt_size_system.cpu08.dtb.walker.dma::system.l208.cpu_side        47912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus08.pkt_size::total             18099594                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus08.snoops                        646667                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus08.snoopTraffic                  357888                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus08.snoop_fanout::samples         834661                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus08.snoop_fanout::mean          0.151511                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus08.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.358546                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus08.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus08.snoop_fanout::0               708201     84.85%     84.85% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus08.snoop_fanout::1               126460     15.15%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus08.snoop_fanout::2                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus08.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus08.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus08.snoop_fanout::max_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus08.snoop_fanout::total           834661                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus08.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus09.snoop_filter.tot_requests       811024                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus09.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       416657                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus09.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           28                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus09.snoop_filter.tot_snoops       123506                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus09.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       123506                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus09.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus09.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::ReadReq            82477                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::ReadResp          425036                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::WriteReq             138                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::WriteResp            138                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       118617                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::WritebackClean       161443                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::CleanEvict        109147                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          3324                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         6865                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        10189                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::ReadExReq          36741                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::ReadExResp         36741                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       161955                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       180604                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::CleanSharedReq          896                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::CleanSharedResp          896                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        14190                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        14190                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.pkt_count_system.cpu09.icache.mem_side::system.l209.cpu_side       485353                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus09.pkt_count_system.cpu09.dcache.mem_side::system.l209.cpu_side       713822                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus09.pkt_count_system.cpu09.itb.walker.dma::system.l209.cpu_side        83466                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus09.pkt_count_system.cpu09.dtb.walker.dma::system.l209.cpu_side        80946                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus09.pkt_count::total             1363587                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus09.pkt_size_system.cpu09.icache.mem_side::system.l209.cpu_side     20697472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus09.pkt_size_system.cpu09.dcache.mem_side::system.l209.cpu_side     21503102                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus09.pkt_size_system.cpu09.itb.walker.dma::system.l209.cpu_side       333864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus09.pkt_size_system.cpu09.dtb.walker.dma::system.l209.cpu_side       323784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus09.pkt_size::total             42858222                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus09.snoops                        700083                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus09.snoopTraffic                 1465472                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus09.snoop_fanout::samples        1181128                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus09.snoop_fanout::mean          0.119188                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus09.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.324009                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus09.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus09.snoop_fanout::0              1040352     88.08%     88.08% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus09.snoop_fanout::1               140776     11.92%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus09.snoop_fanout::2                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus09.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus09.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus09.snoop_fanout::max_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus09.snoop_fanout::total          1181128                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus09.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus10.snoop_filter.tot_requests     14835637                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus10.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      7436257                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus10.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         3648                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus10.snoop_filter.tot_snoops       100913                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus10.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       100911                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus10.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            2                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus10.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::ReadReq          7412650                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::ReadResp        14137716                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::WriteReq            3495                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::WriteResp           3495                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1549067                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::WritebackClean       897488                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::CleanEvict       4940285                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          8412                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         5309                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        13721                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::ReadExReq         494317                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::ReadExResp        494317                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       898000                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      5827066                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::CleanSharedReq         3712                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::CleanSharedResp         3712                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::InvalidateReq       176326                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::InvalidateResp       176326                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.pkt_count_system.cpu10.icache.mem_side::system.l210.cpu_side      2693488                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus10.pkt_count_system.cpu10.dcache.mem_side::system.l210.cpu_side     19532336                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus10.pkt_count_system.cpu10.itb.walker.dma::system.l210.cpu_side       225934                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus10.pkt_count_system.cpu10.dtb.walker.dma::system.l210.cpu_side     14593656                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus10.pkt_count::total            37045414                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus10.pkt_size_system.cpu10.icache.mem_side::system.l210.cpu_side    114911232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus10.pkt_size_system.cpu10.dcache.mem_side::system.l210.cpu_side    503720124                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus10.pkt_size_system.cpu10.itb.walker.dma::system.l210.cpu_side       903736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus10.pkt_size_system.cpu10.dtb.walker.dma::system.l210.cpu_side     58374624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus10.pkt_size::total            677909716                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus10.snoops                       3696648                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus10.snoopTraffic                40571840                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus10.snoop_fanout::samples       18510183                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus10.snoop_fanout::mean          0.007575                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus10.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.086706                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus10.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus10.snoop_fanout::0             18369967     99.24%     99.24% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus10.snoop_fanout::1               140214      0.76%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus10.snoop_fanout::2                    2      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus10.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus10.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus10.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus10.snoop_fanout::total         18510183                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus10.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus11.snoop_filter.tot_requests       839394                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus11.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       432710                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus11.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           28                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus11.snoop_filter.tot_snoops       117403                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus11.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       117403                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus11.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus11.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::ReadReq            88353                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::ReadResp          443418                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::WriteReq             160                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::WriteResp            160                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       119975                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::WritebackClean       169577                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::CleanEvict        111877                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          4650                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         6942                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        11592                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::ReadExReq          35653                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::ReadExResp         35653                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       170089                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       184976                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        15970                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        15970                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.pkt_count_system.cpu11.icache.mem_side::system.l211.cpu_side       509755                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus11.pkt_count_system.cpu11.dcache.mem_side::system.l211.cpu_side       729264                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus11.pkt_count_system.cpu11.itb.walker.dma::system.l211.cpu_side        87862                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus11.pkt_count_system.cpu11.dtb.walker.dma::system.l211.cpu_side        88134                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus11.pkt_count::total             1415015                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus11.pkt_size_system.cpu11.icache.mem_side::system.l211.cpu_side     21738624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus11.pkt_size_system.cpu11.dcache.mem_side::system.l211.cpu_side     21800716                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus11.pkt_size_system.cpu11.itb.walker.dma::system.l211.cpu_side       351448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus11.pkt_size_system.cpu11.dtb.walker.dma::system.l211.cpu_side       352536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus11.pkt_size::total             44243324                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus11.snoops                        780154                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus11.snoopTraffic                 1589184                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus11.snoop_fanout::samples        1279365                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus11.snoop_fanout::mean          0.107175                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus11.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.309336                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus11.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus11.snoop_fanout::0              1142249     89.28%     89.28% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus11.snoop_fanout::1               137116     10.72%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus11.snoop_fanout::2                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus11.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus11.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus11.snoop_fanout::max_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus11.snoop_fanout::total          1279365                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus11.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus12.snoop_filter.tot_requests       231870                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus12.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       117256                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus12.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           18                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus12.snoop_filter.tot_snoops       111319                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus12.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       111319                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus12.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus12.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::ReadReq            18558                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::ReadResp          117070                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::WriteReq             155                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::WriteResp            155                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        29952                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::WritebackClean        55787                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::CleanEvict         23783                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          2055                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         2047                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         4102                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::ReadExReq           9311                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::ReadExResp          9311                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq        56299                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        42213                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::CleanSharedReq         1664                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::CleanSharedResp         1664                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         5128                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::InvalidateResp         5128                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.pkt_count_system.cpu12.icache.mem_side::system.l212.cpu_side       168385                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus12.pkt_count_system.cpu12.dcache.mem_side::system.l212.cpu_side       179361                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus12.pkt_count_system.cpu12.itb.walker.dma::system.l212.cpu_side        28088                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus12.pkt_count_system.cpu12.dtb.walker.dma::system.l212.cpu_side         8548                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus12.pkt_count::total              384382                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus12.pkt_size_system.cpu12.icache.mem_side::system.l212.cpu_side      7173504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus12.pkt_size_system.cpu12.dcache.mem_side::system.l212.cpu_side      5215789                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus12.pkt_size_system.cpu12.itb.walker.dma::system.l212.cpu_side       112352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus12.pkt_size_system.cpu12.dtb.walker.dma::system.l212.cpu_side        34192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus12.pkt_size::total             12535837                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus12.snoops                        631343                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus12.snoopTraffic                  281856                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus12.snoop_fanout::samples         764678                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus12.snoop_fanout::mean          0.150348                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus12.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.357413                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus12.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus12.snoop_fanout::0               649710     84.97%     84.97% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus12.snoop_fanout::1               114968     15.03%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus12.snoop_fanout::2                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus12.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus12.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus12.snoop_fanout::max_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus12.snoop_fanout::total           764678                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus12.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus13.snoop_filter.tot_requests      3223992                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus13.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      1615113                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus13.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus13.snoop_filter.tot_snoops       157082                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus13.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       157082                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus13.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus13.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::ReadReq           564797                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::ReadResp         2079793                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::WriteReq            1096                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::WriteResp           1096                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       183848                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::WritebackClean      1169863                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::CleanEvict        238059                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         11600                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        10763                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        22363                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::ReadExReq          68299                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::ReadExResp         68299                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq      1170375                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       344621                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        25601                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        25601                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.pkt_count_system.cpu13.icache.mem_side::system.l213.cpu_side      3510613                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus13.pkt_count_system.cpu13.dcache.mem_side::system.l213.cpu_side      1350409                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus13.pkt_count_system.cpu13.itb.walker.dma::system.l213.cpu_side       736284                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus13.pkt_count_system.cpu13.dtb.walker.dma::system.l213.cpu_side       388768                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus13.pkt_count::total             5986074                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus13.pkt_size_system.cpu13.icache.mem_side::system.l213.cpu_side    149775232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus13.pkt_size_system.cpu13.dcache.mem_side::system.l213.cpu_side     38206620                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus13.pkt_size_system.cpu13.itb.walker.dma::system.l213.cpu_side      2945136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus13.pkt_size_system.cpu13.dtb.walker.dma::system.l213.cpu_side      1555072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus13.pkt_size::total            192482060                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus13.snoops                        763823                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus13.snoopTraffic                  404160                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus13.snoop_fanout::samples        2931897                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus13.snoop_fanout::mean          0.053905                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus13.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.225831                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus13.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus13.snoop_fanout::0              2773852     94.61%     94.61% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus13.snoop_fanout::1               158045      5.39%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus13.snoop_fanout::2                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus13.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus13.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus13.snoop_fanout::max_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus13.snoop_fanout::total          2931897                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus13.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus14.snoop_filter.tot_requests     51119588                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus14.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     25575471                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus14.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           12                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus14.snoop_filter.tot_snoops       457168                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus14.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       457168                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus14.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus14.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::ReadReq          7056396                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::ReadResp        31329457                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::WriteReq            4935                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::WriteResp           4935                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      2970873                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::WritebackClean     19859241                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::CleanEvict       2635041                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         53916                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        43021                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        96937                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::ReadExReq         974013                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::ReadExResp        974013                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq     19859753                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      4413308                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::InvalidateReq       298921                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::InvalidateResp       298921                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.pkt_count_system.cpu14.icache.mem_side::system.l214.cpu_side     59578747                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus14.pkt_count_system.cpu14.dcache.mem_side::system.l214.cpu_side     17190112                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus14.pkt_count_system.cpu14.itb.walker.dma::system.l214.cpu_side     12069434                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus14.pkt_count_system.cpu14.dtb.walker.dma::system.l214.cpu_side      2035388                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus14.pkt_count::total            90873681                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus14.pkt_size_system.cpu14.icache.mem_side::system.l214.cpu_side   2542015616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus14.pkt_size_system.cpu14.dcache.mem_side::system.l214.cpu_side    534960096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus14.pkt_size_system.cpu14.itb.walker.dma::system.l214.cpu_side     48277736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus14.pkt_size_system.cpu14.dtb.walker.dma::system.l214.cpu_side      8141552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus14.pkt_size::total           3133395000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus14.snoops                       1836684                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus14.snoopTraffic                13965952                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus14.snoop_fanout::samples       34399249                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus14.snoop_fanout::mean          0.013625                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus14.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.115927                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus14.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus14.snoop_fanout::0             33930568     98.64%     98.64% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus14.snoop_fanout::1               468681      1.36%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus14.snoop_fanout::2                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus14.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus14.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus14.snoop_fanout::max_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus14.snoop_fanout::total         34399249                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus14.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus15.snoop_filter.tot_requests      4418419                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus15.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      2225997                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus15.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           35                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus15.snoop_filter.tot_snoops       192250                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus15.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       192250                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus15.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus15.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 15338029604594500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::ReadReq           729425                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::ReadResp         2779694                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::WriteReq            1433                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::WriteResp           1433                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       305400                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::WritebackClean      1514389                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::CleanEvict        347830                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         18514                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        18404                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        36918                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::ReadExReq         101199                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::ReadExResp        101199                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq      1514901                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       535368                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        41056                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        41056                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.pkt_count_system.cpu15.icache.mem_side::system.l215.cpu_side      4544191                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus15.pkt_count_system.cpu15.dcache.mem_side::system.l215.cpu_side      2091100                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus15.pkt_count_system.cpu15.itb.walker.dma::system.l215.cpu_side       941362                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus15.pkt_count_system.cpu15.dtb.walker.dma::system.l215.cpu_side       511566                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus15.pkt_count::total             8088219                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus15.pkt_size_system.cpu15.icache.mem_side::system.l215.cpu_side    193874560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus15.pkt_size_system.cpu15.dcache.mem_side::system.l215.cpu_side     60303464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus15.pkt_size_system.cpu15.itb.walker.dma::system.l215.cpu_side      3765448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus15.pkt_size_system.cpu15.dtb.walker.dma::system.l215.cpu_side      2046264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus15.pkt_size::total            259989736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus15.snoops                       1048246                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus15.snoopTraffic                 1710016                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus15.snoop_fanout::samples        3965334                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus15.snoop_fanout::mean          0.053878                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus15.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.225776                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus15.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus15.snoop_fanout::0              3751691     94.61%     94.61% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus15.snoop_fanout::1               213643      5.39%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus15.snoop_fanout::2                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus15.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus15.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus15.snoop_fanout::max_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus15.snoop_fanout::total          3965334                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus15.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
