
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                              23776.241762                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                23776241761816000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               30523364816597000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                2376619                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  2678509                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                           3416887027004                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                5045900                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  6958.45                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 16537587259                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   18638276982                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           625                       # Clock period in ticks
system.bootmem.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu00.dtb.walker      1577472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu00.itb.walker       165568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu00.inst       4675136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu00.data     170660864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu01.dtb.walker        39104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu01.itb.walker        24832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu01.inst       2071168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu01.data       4662528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu02.dtb.walker       126976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu02.itb.walker        38080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu02.inst       3884224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu02.data      15836288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu03.dtb.walker        44032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu03.itb.walker        30848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu03.inst       2760384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu03.data       5953792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu04.dtb.walker        83776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu04.itb.walker        22912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu04.inst       3280000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu04.data       3097280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu05.dtb.walker         9088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu05.itb.walker         8832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu05.inst        755520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu05.data       1040192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu06.dtb.walker        22720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu06.itb.walker        14720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu06.inst       1427904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu06.data       3040448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu07.dtb.walker        26880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu07.itb.walker        15680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu07.inst       1333440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu07.data       2813888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu08.dtb.walker      4241600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu08.itb.walker       132736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu08.inst      13790848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu08.data     179982592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu09.dtb.walker        19456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu09.itb.walker        13312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu09.inst       1278208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu09.data       2067264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu10.dtb.walker         6400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu10.itb.walker         4928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu10.inst        504256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu10.data        521792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu11.dtb.walker        19968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu11.itb.walker        13760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu11.inst       1334784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu11.data       2837632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu12.dtb.walker        18816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu12.itb.walker        13888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu12.inst       1370304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu12.data       2846784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu13.dtb.walker       187392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu13.itb.walker        47808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu13.inst       6016320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu13.data       5221760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu14.dtb.walker      5372480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu14.itb.walker      3898688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu14.inst      76928000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu14.data      68293248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu15.dtb.walker        55296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu15.itb.walker        17472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu15.inst       2057664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu15.data       1921472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          610581504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu00.inst      4675136                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu01.inst      2071168                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu02.inst      3884224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu03.inst      2760384                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu04.inst      3280000                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu05.inst       755520                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu06.inst      1427904                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu07.inst      1333440                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu08.inst     13790848                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu09.inst      1278208                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu10.inst       504256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu11.inst      1334784                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu12.inst      1370304                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu13.inst      6016320                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu14.inst     76928000                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu15.inst      2057664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total     123468160                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks    213716416                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total       213716416                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu00.dtb.walker        24648                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu00.itb.walker         2587                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu00.inst          73049                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu00.data        2666576                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu01.dtb.walker          611                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu01.itb.walker          388                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu01.inst          32362                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu01.data          72852                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu02.dtb.walker         1984                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu02.itb.walker          595                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu02.inst          60691                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu02.data         247442                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu03.dtb.walker          688                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu03.itb.walker          482                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu03.inst          43131                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu03.data          93028                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu04.dtb.walker         1309                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu04.itb.walker          358                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu04.inst          51250                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu04.data          48395                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu05.dtb.walker          142                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu05.itb.walker          138                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu05.inst          11805                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu05.data          16253                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu06.dtb.walker          355                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu06.itb.walker          230                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu06.inst          22311                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu06.data          47507                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu07.dtb.walker          420                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu07.itb.walker          245                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu07.inst          20835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu07.data          43967                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu08.dtb.walker        66275                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu08.itb.walker         2074                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu08.inst         215482                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu08.data        2812228                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu09.dtb.walker          304                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu09.itb.walker          208                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu09.inst          19972                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu09.data          32301                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu10.dtb.walker          100                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu10.itb.walker           77                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu10.inst           7879                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu10.data           8153                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu11.dtb.walker          312                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu11.itb.walker          215                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu11.inst          20856                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu11.data          44338                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu12.dtb.walker          294                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu12.itb.walker          217                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu12.inst          21411                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu12.data          44481                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu13.dtb.walker         2928                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu13.itb.walker          747                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu13.inst          94005                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu13.data          81590                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu14.dtb.walker        83945                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu14.itb.walker        60917                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu14.inst        1202000                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu14.data        1067082                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu15.dtb.walker          864                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu15.itb.walker          273                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu15.inst          32151                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu15.data          30023                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             9540336                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       3339319                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            3339319                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu00.dtb.walker           66                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu00.itb.walker            7                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu00.inst              197                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu00.data             7178                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu01.dtb.walker            2                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu01.itb.walker            1                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu01.inst               87                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu01.data              196                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu02.dtb.walker            5                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu02.itb.walker            2                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu02.inst              163                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu02.data              666                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu03.dtb.walker            2                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu03.itb.walker            1                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu03.inst              116                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu03.data              250                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu04.dtb.walker            4                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu04.itb.walker            1                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu04.inst              138                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu04.data              130                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu05.inst               32                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu05.data               44                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu06.dtb.walker            1                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu06.itb.walker            1                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu06.inst               60                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu06.data              128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu07.dtb.walker            1                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu07.itb.walker            1                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu07.inst               56                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu07.data              118                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu08.dtb.walker          178                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu08.itb.walker            6                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu08.inst              580                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu08.data             7570                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu09.dtb.walker            1                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu09.itb.walker            1                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu09.inst               54                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu09.data               87                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu10.inst               21                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu10.data               22                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu11.dtb.walker            1                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu11.itb.walker            1                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu11.inst               56                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu11.data              119                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu12.dtb.walker            1                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu12.itb.walker            1                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu12.inst               58                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu12.data              120                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu13.dtb.walker            8                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu13.itb.walker            2                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu13.inst              253                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu13.data              220                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu14.dtb.walker          226                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu14.itb.walker          164                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu14.inst             3235                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu14.data             2872                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu15.dtb.walker            2                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu15.itb.walker            1                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu15.inst               87                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu15.data               81                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total                 25680                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu00.inst          197                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu01.inst           87                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu02.inst          163                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu03.inst          116                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu04.inst          138                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu05.inst           32                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu06.inst           60                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu07.inst           56                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu08.inst          580                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu09.inst           54                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu10.inst           21                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu11.inst           56                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu12.inst           58                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu13.inst          253                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu14.inst         3235                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu15.inst           87                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total             5193                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks            8989                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total                 8989                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks            8989                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu00.dtb.walker           66                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu00.itb.walker            7                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu00.inst             197                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu00.data            7178                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu01.dtb.walker            2                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu01.itb.walker            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu01.inst              87                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu01.data             196                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu02.dtb.walker            5                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu02.itb.walker            2                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu02.inst             163                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu02.data             666                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu03.dtb.walker            2                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu03.itb.walker            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu03.inst             116                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu03.data             250                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu04.dtb.walker            4                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu04.itb.walker            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu04.inst             138                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu04.data             130                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu05.inst              32                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu05.data              44                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu06.dtb.walker            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu06.itb.walker            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu06.inst              60                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu06.data             128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu07.dtb.walker            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu07.itb.walker            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu07.inst              56                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu07.data             118                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu08.dtb.walker          178                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu08.itb.walker            6                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu08.inst             580                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu08.data            7570                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu09.dtb.walker            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu09.itb.walker            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu09.inst              54                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu09.data              87                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu10.inst              21                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu10.data              22                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu11.dtb.walker            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu11.itb.walker            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu11.inst              56                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu11.data             119                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu12.dtb.walker            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu12.itb.walker            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu12.inst              58                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu12.data             120                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu13.dtb.walker            8                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu13.itb.walker            2                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu13.inst             253                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu13.data             220                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu14.dtb.walker          226                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu14.itb.walker          164                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu14.inst            3235                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu14.data            2872                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu15.dtb.walker            2                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu15.itb.walker            1                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu15.inst              87                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu15.data              81                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total                34669                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                           0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                          0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                       0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                       0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                    0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::16                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::17                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::18                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::19                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::20                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::21                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::22                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::23                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::24                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::25                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::26                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::27                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::28                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::29                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::30                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::31                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::16                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::17                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::18                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::19                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::20                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::21                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::22                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::23                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::24                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::25                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::26                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::27                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::28                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::29                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::30                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::31                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                             0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::64                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::65                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::66                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::67                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::68                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::69                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::70                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::71                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::72                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::73                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::74                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::75                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::76                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::77                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::78                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::79                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::80                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::81                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::82                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::83                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::84                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::85                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::86                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::87                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::88                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::89                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::90                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::91                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::92                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::93                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::94                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::95                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::96                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::97                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::98                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::99                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::100                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::101                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::102                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::103                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::104                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::105                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::106                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::107                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::108                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::109                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::110                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::111                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::112                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::113                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::114                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::115                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::116                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::117                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::118                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::119                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::120                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::121                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::122                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::123                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::124                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::125                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::126                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::127                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                            0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat                       0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                          nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                        nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                     nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                         0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      19207.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                       0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                           nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                      nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         3880282655528366.500000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           3880282655528366.500000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            163.200000                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime                    0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 30523364816597000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         3880282655528366.500000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           3880282655528366.500000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            163.200000                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime                    0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 30523364816597000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.preBackEnergy         3880282655528366.500000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.actPowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.prePowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.totalEnergy           3880282655528366.500000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_2.averagePower            163.200000                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_2.totalIdleTime                    0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::IDLE 30523364816597000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.preBackEnergy         3880282655528366.500000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.actPowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.prePowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.totalEnergy           3880282655528366.500000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_3.averagePower            163.200000                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_3.totalIdleTime                    0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::IDLE 30523364816597000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cf0.dma_read_full_pages                     32                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_bytes                      131072                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_txs                            32                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_write_full_pages                  8325                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_bytes                   34099200                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_txs                         8325                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walks                 1008878                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walksLong             1008878                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples      1008878                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0       1008878    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total      1008878                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples     15751648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walksPending::0      15751648    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walksPending::total     15751648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K       999052     99.63%     99.63% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M         1610      0.16%     99.79% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G         2057      0.21%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total      1002719                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data      1008878                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total      1008878                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data      1002719                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total      1002719                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total      2011597                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                  647248513                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                   978877                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                 711617240                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                   30001                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10702                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    74                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                    736                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                 4043                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                     288                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses              648227390                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses             711647241                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                      1358865753                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                       1008878                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                  1359874631                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walks                  110834                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walksLong              110834                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples       110834                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0        110834    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total       110834                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walksPending::samples     15775648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walksPending::0      15775648    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walksPending::total     15775648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K       110555     99.80%     99.80% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          220      0.20%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total       110775                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst       110834                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total       110834                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst       110775                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total       110775                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total       221609                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                11730783453                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                   110834                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10702                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    74                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                    448                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses            11730894287                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                     11730783453                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                        110834                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                 11730894287                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numPwrStateTransitions             12407                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         6204                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   3831352025891.740234                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  14747707857452.523438                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows         2183     35.19%     35.19% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         3582     57.74%     92.92% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::1e+11-1.5e+11            2      0.03%     92.96% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::2.5e+11-3e+11            1      0.02%     92.97% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::4.5e+11-5e+11            1      0.02%     92.99% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::8e+11-8.5e+11            1      0.02%     93.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::9.5e+11-1e+12            1      0.02%     93.02% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows          433      6.98%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 79871113429096                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateClkGateDist::total          6204                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu00.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  6533793183401                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 23769707968632356                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.numCycles                   60962194955427                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu00.kern.inst.quiesce                   6204                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu00.committedInsts               11730886515                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                 13067582123                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.committedUserInsts           11658889289                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses         11860499198                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_vec_alu_accesses               25404                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                 626039962                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts   1292557935                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                11860499198                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_vec_insts                      25404                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads       17619195072                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes       8853135522                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_vec_register_reads             29306                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu00.num_vec_register_writes            11115                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu00.num_cc_register_reads        38937152751                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu00.num_cc_register_writes        8804048128                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                  1455404142                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                 743283453                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                712120689                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles             60945442334166.437500                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles             16752621260.564062                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction               0.000275                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                   0.999725                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.Branches                      1882696722                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu00.op_class::No_OpClass                 494      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IntAlu             11490798692     87.93%     87.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IntMult              120358309      0.92%     88.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IntDiv                   47013      0.00%     88.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     88.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatCmp                     1      0.00%     88.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatCvt                     2      0.00%     88.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     88.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     88.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatDiv                     1      0.00%     88.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     88.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     88.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAdd                   1639      0.00%     88.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     88.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAlu                   3398      0.00%     88.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdCmp                   1976      0.00%     88.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     88.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdMisc                  1613      0.00%     88.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     88.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     88.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     88.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     88.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     88.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     88.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     88.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     88.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     88.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     88.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatMisc           972556      0.01%     88.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     88.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     88.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     88.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead              743283453      5.69%     94.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite             712120689      5.45%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::total              13067589836                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         429.630882                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.total_refs        1359838044                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.sampled_refs        10779242                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.avg_refs          126.153402                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   429.630882                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.839123                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.839123                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          420                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          420                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.820312                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.tag_accesses      2730462626                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.tags.data_accesses     2730462626                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu00.data    637976959                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total     637976959                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu00.data    709278124                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total    709278124                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu00.data       158478                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total       158478                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu00.data         2329                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         2329                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu00.data       802393                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       802393                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu00.data       795378                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       795378                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::cpu00.data   1347257412                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total     1347257412                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::cpu00.data   1347415890                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total    1347415890                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu00.data      9246578                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      9246578                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu00.data      1144099                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1144099                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu00.data        18711                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        18711                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu00.data       395539                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total       395539                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu00.data         7927                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         7927                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu00.data        11529                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        11529                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::cpu00.data     10786216                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total     10786216                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::cpu00.data     10804927                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total     10804927                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu00.data    647223537                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    647223537                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu00.data    710422223                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    710422223                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu00.data       177189                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total       177189                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu00.data       397868                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total       397868                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu00.data       810320                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       810320                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu00.data       806907                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       806907                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu00.data   1358043628                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total   1358043628                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu00.data   1358220817                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total   1358220817                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.014287                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014287                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.001610                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001610                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.105599                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.105599                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.994146                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.994146                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.009783                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.009783                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.014288                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.014288                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.007942                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.007942                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.007955                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.007955                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      2236216                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total         2236216                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements             10726743                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.icache.tags.tagsinuse         511.999998                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.tags.total_refs       11730894228                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.tags.sampled_refs         6365165                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.tags.avg_refs         1842.983525                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst   511.999998                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu00.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu00.icache.tags.tag_accesses     23468153621                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu00.icache.tags.data_accesses    23468153621                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu00.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu00.inst  11724529063                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total   11724529063                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::cpu00.inst  11724529063                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total    11724529063                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::cpu00.inst  11724529063                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total   11724529063                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu00.inst      6365165                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      6365165                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::cpu00.inst      6365165                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total      6365165                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::cpu00.inst      6365165                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total      6365165                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu00.inst  11730894228                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total  11730894228                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::cpu00.inst  11730894228                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total  11730894228                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::cpu00.inst  11730894228                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total  11730894228                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.000543                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000543                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.000543                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000543                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.000543                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000543                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.writebacks::writebacks      6364653                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.icache.writebacks::total         6364653                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.icache.replacements              6364653                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walks                   14999                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walksLong               14999                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        14999                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         14999    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        14999                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples     15753148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walksPending::0      15753148    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walksPending::total     15753148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        13777     98.71%     98.71% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          139      1.00%     99.71% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G           41      0.29%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        13957                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        14999                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        14999                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        13957                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        13957                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        28956                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                    5671458                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                    13868                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                   3415661                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                    1131                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10702                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    74                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                   1033                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                  239                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                     305                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                5685326                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses               3416792                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                         9087119                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                         14999                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                     9102118                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walks                   19214                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walksLong               19214                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        19214                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         19214    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        19214                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walksPending::samples     15777148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walksPending::0      15777148    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walksPending::total     15777148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        18894     99.45%     99.45% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          105      0.55%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        18999                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        19214                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        19214                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        18999                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        18999                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        38213                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                   24506047                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                    19214                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10702                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    74                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                    755                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses               24525261                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                        24506047                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                         19214                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                    24525261                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numPwrStateTransitions               613                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          307                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   77446995098808.328125                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  1129120511618088.750000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          137     44.63%     44.63% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10          140     45.60%     90.23% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::3e+11-3.5e+11            1      0.33%     90.55% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::4.5e+11-5e+11            1      0.33%     90.88% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows           28      9.12%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          501                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 19590215863644000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           307                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu01.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   14266481843                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 23776227495334156                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.numCycles                   8372051796650                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu01.kern.inst.quiesce                    307                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                  24522824                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                    28530645                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.committedUserInsts              13134049                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses            26263754                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_vec_alu_accesses               59188                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                   1081344                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts      4185155                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                   26263754                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_vec_insts                      59188                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads          35714778                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes         20986887                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_vec_register_reads             75345                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu01.num_vec_register_writes            44103                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu01.num_cc_register_reads            7302381                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu01.num_cc_register_writes           7213773                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                     9084078                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                   5668236                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                  3415842                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles             8372046773159.486328                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles             5023490.513853                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction               0.000001                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                   0.999999                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.Branches                         5538682                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu01.op_class::No_OpClass                2071      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IntAlu                19349037     67.81%     67.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IntMult                  50891      0.18%     68.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IntDiv                   12261      0.04%     68.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     68.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     68.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     68.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     68.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     68.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     68.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMisc                    4      0.00%     68.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     68.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAdd                   6385      0.02%     68.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     68.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAlu                  13386      0.05%     68.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdCmp                   8284      0.03%     68.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     68.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdMisc                  6470      0.02%     68.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     68.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     68.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     68.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     68.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     68.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     68.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     68.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     68.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     68.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     68.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     68.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     68.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     68.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     68.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead                5668236     19.87%     88.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite               3415842     11.97%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::total                 28532867                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         421.997795                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.total_refs           9097854                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          263190                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.avg_refs           34.567628                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054782000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.data   421.997795                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.824214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.824214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          428                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          428                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.835938                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        18462482                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.tags.data_accesses       18462482                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu01.data      5304423                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       5304423                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu01.data      3245235                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3245235                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu01.data        74377                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        74377                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu01.data         1748                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         1748                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu01.data       101440                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       101440                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu01.data        95297                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        95297                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::cpu01.data      8551406                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total        8551406                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::cpu01.data      8625783                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total       8625783                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu01.data       197940                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       197940                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu01.data        45003                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        45003                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu01.data         4767                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         4767                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu01.data        19743                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        19743                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu01.data          944                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          944                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu01.data         6937                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         6937                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::cpu01.data       262686                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total       262686                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::cpu01.data       267453                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total       267453                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu01.data      5502363                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      5502363                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu01.data      3290238                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3290238                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu01.data        79144                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        79144                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu01.data        21491                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        21491                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu01.data       102384                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       102384                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu01.data       102234                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       102234                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu01.data      8814092                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total      8814092                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu01.data      8893236                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total      8893236                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.035974                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.035974                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.013678                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.013678                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.060232                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.060232                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.918664                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.918664                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.009220                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.009220                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.067854                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.067854                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.029803                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.029803                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.030074                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.030074                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       135864                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total          135864                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements               257665                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.icache.tags.tagsinuse         511.962667                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.tags.total_refs          24525046                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.tags.sampled_refs          227189                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.tags.avg_refs          107.949971                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054781500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst   511.962667                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.999927                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999927                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu01.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu01.icache.tags.tag_accesses        49277281                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu01.icache.tags.data_accesses       49277281                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu01.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu01.inst     24297857                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      24297857                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::cpu01.inst     24297857                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total       24297857                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::cpu01.inst     24297857                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total      24297857                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu01.inst       227189                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       227189                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::cpu01.inst       227189                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total       227189                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::cpu01.inst       227189                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total       227189                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu01.inst     24525046                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     24525046                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::cpu01.inst     24525046                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total     24525046                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::cpu01.inst     24525046                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total     24525046                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu01.inst     0.009264                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009264                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu01.inst     0.009264                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009264                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu01.inst     0.009264                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009264                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.writebacks::writebacks       226677                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.icache.writebacks::total          226677                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.icache.replacements               226677                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walks                   72331                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walksLong               72331                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        72331                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         72331    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        72331                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples  -1421662028                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walksPending::0   -1421662028    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walksPending::total  -1421662028                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        67103     98.09%     98.09% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M         1231      1.80%     99.89% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G           73      0.11%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        68407                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        72331                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        72331                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        68407                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        68407                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total       140738                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                  241940633                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                    62930                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                 196914735                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                    9401                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10702                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    74                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                    646                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                  646                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                     288                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses              242003563                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses             196924136                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                       438855368                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                         72331                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                   438927699                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walks                  185507                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walksLong              185507                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples       185507                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0        185507    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total       185507                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walksPending::samples  -1421356028                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walksPending::0   -1421356028    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walksPending::total  -1421356028                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K       183605     99.17%     99.17% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M         1543      0.83%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total       185148                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst       185507                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total       185507                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst       185148                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total       185148                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total       370655                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                 1968246556                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                   185507                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10702                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    74                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                    298                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses             1968432063                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                      1968246556                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                        185507                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                  1968432063                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numPwrStateTransitions               833                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          417                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   56765922147788.218750                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  963827598821127.875000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          210     50.36%     50.36% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10          178     42.69%     93.05% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::2.5e+11-3e+11            1      0.24%     93.29% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::6e+11-6.5e+11            1      0.24%     93.53% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows           27      6.47%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          501                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 19590215862750500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           417                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu02.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  104852226188314                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 23671389535627688                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.numCycles                   21866297908110                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu02.kern.inst.quiesce                    417                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                1968424830                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                  2208954645                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.committedUserInsts            1931042301                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses          1968732980                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                   16                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_vec_alu_accesses              175608                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                  92205415                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts    247903360                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                 1968732980                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                          16                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_vec_insts                     175608                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads        3059169720                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes       1382665914                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                 16                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_vec_register_reads            210403                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu02.num_vec_register_writes            77377                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu02.num_cc_register_reads         6467663498                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu02.num_cc_register_writes        1285743608                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                   457441715                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                 255485319                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                201956396                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles             21865282150112.871094                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles             1015757997.131438                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction               0.000046                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                   0.999954                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.Branches                       345666848                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu02.op_class::No_OpClass                3617      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IntAlu              1733012855     78.45%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IntMult               17572607      0.80%     79.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IntDiv                   33848      0.00%     79.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatAdd                     5      0.00%     79.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     79.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatCvt                     5      0.00%     79.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMult                    1      0.00%     79.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     79.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatDiv                     2      0.00%     79.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMisc                    6      0.00%     79.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     79.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAdd                  12296      0.00%     79.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     79.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAlu                  25691      0.00%     79.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdCmp                  14468      0.00%     79.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     79.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdMisc                 12132      0.00%     79.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     79.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     79.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     79.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     79.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     79.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     79.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     79.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     79.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     79.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     79.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatMisc           832271      0.04%     79.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     79.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     79.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     79.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead              255485319     11.57%     90.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite             201956380      9.14%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMemWrite               16      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::total               2208961519                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         410.412354                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.total_refs         438903469                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         1326721                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.avg_refs          330.818212                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6850870800105500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.data   410.412354                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.801587                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.801587                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          408                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          408                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.796875                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       879149289                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.tags.data_accesses      879149289                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu02.data    240245655                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total     240245655                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu02.data    195779127                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total    195779127                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu02.data       148837                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total       148837                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu02.data         4219                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         4219                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu02.data       687073                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       687073                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu02.data       674577                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       674577                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::cpu02.data    436029001                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total      436029001                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::cpu02.data    436177838                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total     436177838                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu02.data       897754                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       897754                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu02.data       236037                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       236037                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu02.data        15363                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        15363                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu02.data       199248                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total       199248                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu02.data         1626                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1626                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu02.data        13896                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        13896                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::cpu02.data      1333039                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total      1333039                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::cpu02.data      1348402                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total      1348402                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu02.data    241143409                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    241143409                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu02.data    196015164                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    196015164                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu02.data       164200                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total       164200                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu02.data       203467                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total       203467                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu02.data       688699                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       688699                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu02.data       688473                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       688473                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu02.data    437362040                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total    437362040                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu02.data    437526240                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total    437526240                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.003723                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003723                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.001204                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001204                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.093563                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.093563                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.979264                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.979264                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.002361                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.002361                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.020184                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.020184                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.003048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.003082                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003082                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       933514                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total          933514                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements              1304616                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.icache.tags.tagsinuse         509.765884                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.tags.total_refs        1968431704                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.tags.sampled_refs         5676658                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.tags.avg_refs          346.758904                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6850870800100500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   509.765884                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.995636                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.995636                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu02.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu02.icache.tags.tag_accesses      3942540066                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu02.icache.tags.data_accesses     3942540066                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu02.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu02.inst   1962755046                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total    1962755046                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::cpu02.inst   1962755046                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total     1962755046                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::cpu02.inst   1962755046                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total    1962755046                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu02.inst      5676658                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      5676658                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::cpu02.inst      5676658                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total      5676658                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::cpu02.inst      5676658                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total      5676658                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu02.inst   1968431704                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1968431704                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::cpu02.inst   1968431704                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total   1968431704                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::cpu02.inst   1968431704                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total   1968431704                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu02.inst     0.002884                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002884                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu02.inst     0.002884                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002884                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu02.inst     0.002884                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002884                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.writebacks::writebacks      5676145                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.icache.writebacks::total         5676145                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.icache.replacements              5676145                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walks                   17407                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walksLong               17407                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        17407                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         17407    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        17407                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples    785789972                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walksPending::0     785789972    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walksPending::total    785789972                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        15987     98.58%     98.58% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          185      1.14%     99.72% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G           46      0.28%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        16218                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        17407                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        17407                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        16218                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        16218                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        33625                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                    7423793                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                    15911                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                   5161105                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                    1496                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10702                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    74                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                    984                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                  453                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                     385                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                7439704                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses               5162601                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                        12584898                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                         17407                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                    12602305                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walks                   25601                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walksLong               25601                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        25601                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         25601    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        25601                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walksPending::samples    738482972                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walksPending::0     738482972    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walksPending::total    738482972                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        25245     99.58%     99.58% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M          107      0.42%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        25352                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        25601                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        25601                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        25352                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        25352                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        50953                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                   33656009                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                    25601                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10702                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    74                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                    513                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses               33681610                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                        33656009                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                         25601                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                    33681610                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numPwrStateTransitions               677                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          339                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   70136348265823.148438                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  1064285301776037                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          139     41.00%     41.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10          146     43.07%     84.07% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::2.5e+11-3e+11            1      0.29%     84.37% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows           53     15.63%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 19590215862042500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           339                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu03.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   19699701950                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 23776222062114048                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.numCycles                   21866297909448                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu03.kern.inst.quiesce                    339                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                  33678383                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                    39396282                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.committedUserInsts              19688935                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses            36208911                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_vec_alu_accesses               96327                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                   1494019                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts      5563299                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                   36208911                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_vec_insts                      96327                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads          49045880                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes         28706435                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_vec_register_reads            121803                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu03.num_vec_register_writes            67618                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu03.num_cc_register_reads            9900462                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu03.num_cc_register_writes           9784614                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                    12576275                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                   7415202                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                  5161073                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles             21866279792230.937500                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles             18117217.061396                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction               0.000001                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                   0.999999                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.Branches                         7518063                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu03.op_class::No_OpClass                3236      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IntAlu                26686321     67.73%     67.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IntMult                  65044      0.17%     67.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IntDiv                   14284      0.04%     67.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     67.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     67.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     67.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     67.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     67.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     67.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMisc                    4      0.00%     67.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     67.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAdd                   9857      0.03%     67.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     67.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAlu                  20480      0.05%     68.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdCmp                  12944      0.03%     68.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     68.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdMisc                 10815      0.03%     68.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     68.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     68.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     68.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     68.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     68.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     68.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     68.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     68.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     68.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     68.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     68.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     68.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     68.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     68.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                7415202     18.82%     86.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite               5161073     13.10%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::total                 39399260                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         406.297583                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.total_refs          12599411                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          327077                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.avg_refs           38.521238                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   406.297583                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.793550                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.793550                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          404                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          404                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.789062                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        25526027                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.tags.data_accesses       25526027                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu03.data      6983242                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       6983242                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu03.data      4952588                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      4952588                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu03.data        87265                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        87265                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu03.data         3435                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         3435                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu03.data       119141                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       119141                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu03.data       112176                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       112176                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::cpu03.data     11939265                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total       11939265                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::cpu03.data     12026530                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total      12026530                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu03.data       241928                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       241928                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu03.data        59251                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        59251                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu03.data         5641                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         5641                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu03.data        25943                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        25943                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu03.data          996                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          996                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu03.data         7805                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         7805                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::cpu03.data       327122                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total       327122                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::cpu03.data       332763                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total       332763                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu03.data      7225170                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7225170                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu03.data      5011839                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      5011839                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu03.data        92906                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        92906                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu03.data        29378                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        29378                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu03.data       120137                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       120137                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu03.data       119981                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       119981                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu03.data     12266387                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total     12266387                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu03.data     12359293                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total     12359293                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.033484                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.033484                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.011822                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.011822                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.060717                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.060717                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.883076                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.883076                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.008291                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.008291                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.065052                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.065052                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.026668                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.026668                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.026924                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.026924                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       171307                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total          171307                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements               321233                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.icache.tags.tagsinuse         510.603648                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.tags.total_refs          33681361                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.tags.sampled_refs          314993                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.tags.avg_refs          106.927332                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst   510.603648                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.997273                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997273                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu03.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu03.icache.tags.tag_accesses        67677715                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu03.icache.tags.data_accesses       67677715                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu03.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu03.inst     33366368                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      33366368                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::cpu03.inst     33366368                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total       33366368                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::cpu03.inst     33366368                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total      33366368                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu03.inst       314993                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       314993                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::cpu03.inst       314993                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total       314993                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::cpu03.inst       314993                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total       314993                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu03.inst     33681361                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     33681361                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::cpu03.inst     33681361                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total     33681361                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::cpu03.inst     33681361                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total     33681361                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu03.inst     0.009352                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009352                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu03.inst     0.009352                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009352                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu03.inst     0.009352                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009352                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.writebacks::writebacks       314481                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.icache.writebacks::total          314481                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.icache.replacements               314481                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walks                  147417                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walksLong              147417                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples       147417                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0        147417    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total       147417                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples     15751648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walksPending::0      15751648    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walksPending::total     15751648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K       144906     98.33%     98.33% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M         2346      1.59%     99.92% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G          121      0.08%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total       147373                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data       147417                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total       147417                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data       147373                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total       147373                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total       294790                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                   12933889                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                   140978                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                  11040933                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                    6439                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10702                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    74                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                    167                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                 4862                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                      31                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses               13074867                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses              11047372                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                        23974822                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                        147417                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                    24122239                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walks                  263495                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walksLong              263495                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples       263495                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0        263495    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total       263495                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walksPending::samples     15759148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walksPending::0      15759148    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walksPending::total     15759148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K       261099     99.10%     99.10% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M         2380      0.90%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total       263479                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst       263495                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total       263495                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst       263479                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total       263479                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total       526974                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                   63897865                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                   263495                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10702                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    74                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                    127                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses               64161360                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                        63897865                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                        263495                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                    64161360                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numPwrStateTransitions              5013                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         2507                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   9483926295104.773438                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  391304917454570.937500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          248      9.89%      9.89% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         2098     83.69%     93.58% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::5e+10-1e+11            1      0.04%     93.62% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::2e+11-2.5e+11            1      0.04%     93.66% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::4e+11-4.5e+11            1      0.04%     93.70% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::4.5e+11-5e+11            3      0.12%     93.82% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::7e+11-7.5e+11            1      0.04%     93.86% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::9.5e+11-1e+12            1      0.04%     93.90% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows          153      6.10%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 19590215861472000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateClkGateDist::total          2507                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu04.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   38539988331                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 23776203221827668                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.numCycles                   21866297912757                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu04.kern.inst.quiesce                   2507                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                  64152147                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                    77072548                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.committedUserInsts              18933950                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses            71050997                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_vec_alu_accesses             1517244                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                   4835707                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts      8725469                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                   71050997                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_vec_insts                    1517244                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads         101396887                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes         56144717                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_vec_register_reads           2215873                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu04.num_vec_register_writes          1353933                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu04.num_cc_register_reads           14784474                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu04.num_cc_register_writes          14305287                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                    24078494                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                  13036172                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                 11042322                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles             21866262468692.449219                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles             35444064.548933                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction               0.000002                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                   0.999998                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.Branches                        14302298                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu04.op_class::No_OpClass               66148      0.09%      0.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IntAlu                51563112     66.89%     66.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IntMult                 147338      0.19%     67.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IntDiv                   44125      0.06%     67.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     67.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     67.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     67.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     67.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     67.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     67.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     67.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     67.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAdd                 221580      0.29%     67.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     67.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAlu                 473961      0.61%     68.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdCmp                 264592      0.34%     68.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     68.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdMisc                222395      0.29%     68.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     68.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     68.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     68.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     68.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     68.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     68.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     68.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     68.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     68.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     68.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     68.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     68.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     68.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     68.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead               13036172     16.91%     85.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite              11042322     14.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::total                 77081745                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         412.717694                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.total_refs          24115689                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          889378                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.avg_refs           27.115230                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.data   412.717694                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.806089                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.806089                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          403                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          403                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.787109                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        49120756                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.tags.data_accesses       49120756                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu04.data     12035382                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      12035382                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu04.data     10599130                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     10599130                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu04.data       118839                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total       118839                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu04.data        10472                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total        10472                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu04.data       218274                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       218274                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu04.data       201289                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       201289                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::cpu04.data     22644984                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total       22644984                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::cpu04.data     22763823                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total      22763823                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu04.data       660659                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       660659                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu04.data       156193                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       156193                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu04.data        31418                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        31418                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu04.data        55701                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        55701                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu04.data         5897                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         5897                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu04.data        22435                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        22435                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::cpu04.data       872553                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total       872553                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::cpu04.data       903971                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total       903971                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu04.data     12696041                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12696041                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu04.data     10755323                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     10755323                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu04.data       150257                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total       150257                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu04.data        66173                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        66173                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu04.data       224171                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       224171                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu04.data       223724                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       223724                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu04.data     23517537                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total     23517537                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu04.data     23667794                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total     23667794                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.052037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.052037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.014522                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.014522                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.209095                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.209095                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.841748                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.841748                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.026306                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.026306                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.100280                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.100280                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.037102                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.037102                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.038194                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.038194                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       365442                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total          365442                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements               858127                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.icache.tags.tagsinuse         511.905785                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.tags.total_refs          64161344                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.tags.sampled_refs         2481175                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.tags.avg_refs           25.859258                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst   511.905785                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.999816                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999816                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu04.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu04.icache.tags.tag_accesses       130803863                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu04.icache.tags.data_accesses      130803863                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu04.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu04.inst     61680169                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      61680169                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::cpu04.inst     61680169                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total       61680169                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::cpu04.inst     61680169                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total      61680169                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu04.inst      2481175                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      2481175                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::cpu04.inst      2481175                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total      2481175                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::cpu04.inst      2481175                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total      2481175                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu04.inst     64161344                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     64161344                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::cpu04.inst     64161344                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total     64161344                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::cpu04.inst     64161344                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total     64161344                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu04.inst     0.038671                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038671                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu04.inst     0.038671                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.038671                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu04.inst     0.038671                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.038671                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.writebacks::writebacks      2480663                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.icache.writebacks::total         2480663                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.icache.replacements              2480663                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walks                    1441                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walksLong                1441                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples         1441                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0          1441    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total         1441                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples   -822985416                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walksPending::0    -822985416    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walksPending::total   -822985416                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K         1250     98.35%     98.35% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           18      1.42%     99.76% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G            3      0.24%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total         1271                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data         1441                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total         1441                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data         1271                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total         1271                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total         2712                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                     950869                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                     1192                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                    702807                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                     249                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10702                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    74                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                    166                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                   52                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                      88                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                 952061                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                703056                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                         1653676                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                          1441                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                     1655117                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walks                    4506                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walksLong                4506                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples         4506                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0          4506    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total         4506                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walksPending::samples   -822990416                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walksPending::0    -822990416    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walksPending::total   -822990416                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K         4414     99.46%     99.46% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           24      0.54%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total         4438                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst         4506                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total         4506                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst         4438                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total         4438                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total         8944                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                    4200324                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                     4506                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10702                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    74                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                     61                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                4204830                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                         4200324                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                          4506                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                     4204830                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numPwrStateTransitions               397                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          199                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   118957175840489.750000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  1388515318870241.500000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows           77     38.69%     38.69% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           79     39.70%     78.39% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows           43     21.61%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 19590215860738000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           199                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu05.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  103763769558540                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 23672477992257460                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.numCycles                   21866297911917                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu05.kern.inst.quiesce                    199                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                   4204271                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                     4986219                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.committedUserInsts                875770                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses             4634238                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_vec_alu_accesses               15110                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                    255324                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts       598391                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                    4634238                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_vec_insts                      15110                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads           6450213                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes          3712478                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_vec_register_reads             20325                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu05.num_vec_register_writes            12704                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu05.num_cc_register_reads            1039212                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu05.num_cc_register_writes           1029697                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                     1651380                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                    948390                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                   702990                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles             21866295618858.054688                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles             2293058.944570                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction               0.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                   1.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.Branches                          894498                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu05.op_class::No_OpClass                 630      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IntAlu                 3312875     66.43%     66.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IntMult                  10331      0.21%     66.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IntDiv                    1231      0.02%     66.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     66.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatCmp                     1      0.00%     66.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatCvt                     2      0.00%     66.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     66.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     66.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatDiv                     1      0.00%     66.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     66.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     66.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAdd                   1904      0.04%     66.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     66.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAlu                   3900      0.08%     66.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdCmp                   2520      0.05%     66.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     66.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdMisc                  1935      0.04%     66.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     66.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     66.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     66.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     66.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     66.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     66.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     66.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     66.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     66.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     66.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     66.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     66.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     66.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     66.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                 948390     19.02%     85.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite                702990     14.10%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::total                  4986710                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         358.761154                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.total_refs           1652770                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           58347                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.avg_refs           28.326563                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6850884330995000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu05.data   358.761154                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.700705                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.700705                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          359                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          359                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.701172                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         3367215                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.tags.data_accesses        3367215                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu05.data       865236                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        865236                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu05.data       661251                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       661251                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu05.data        20262                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        20262                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu05.data          372                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total          372                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu05.data        22472                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        22472                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu05.data        20230                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        20230                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::cpu05.data      1526859                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total        1526859                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::cpu05.data      1547121                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total       1547121                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu05.data        42117                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        42117                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu05.data        12947                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        12947                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu05.data         1336                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         1336                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu05.data         3889                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total         3889                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu05.data          259                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          259                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu05.data         2399                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         2399                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::cpu05.data        58953                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total        58953                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::cpu05.data        60289                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total        60289                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu05.data       907353                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       907353                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu05.data       674198                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       674198                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu05.data        21598                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        21598                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu05.data         4261                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total         4261                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu05.data        22731                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        22731                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu05.data        22629                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        22629                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu05.data      1585812                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1585812                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu05.data      1607410                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1607410                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.046417                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.046417                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.019204                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.019204                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.061858                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.061858                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.912697                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.912697                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.011394                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.011394                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.106014                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.106014                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.037175                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.037175                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.037507                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.037507                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        31304                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total           31304                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                55241                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.icache.tags.tagsinuse         509.765594                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.tags.total_refs           4204762                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.tags.sampled_refs           58979                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.tags.avg_refs           71.292528                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6850884330990000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   509.765594                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.995636                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.995636                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu05.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu05.icache.tags.tag_accesses         8468503                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu05.icache.tags.data_accesses        8468503                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu05.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu05.inst      4145783                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       4145783                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::cpu05.inst      4145783                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total        4145783                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::cpu05.inst      4145783                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total       4145783                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu05.inst        58979                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        58979                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::cpu05.inst        58979                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total        58979                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::cpu05.inst        58979                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total        58979                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu05.inst      4204762                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      4204762                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::cpu05.inst      4204762                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total      4204762                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::cpu05.inst      4204762                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total      4204762                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu05.inst     0.014027                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014027                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu05.inst     0.014027                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014027                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu05.inst     0.014027                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014027                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.writebacks::writebacks        58467                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.icache.writebacks::total           58467                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                58467                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walks                   10031                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walksLong               10031                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        10031                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         10031    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        10031                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples   1698748972                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walksPending::0    1698748972    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walksPending::total   1698748972                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K         8457     98.79%     98.79% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           85      0.99%     99.78% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G           19      0.22%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total         8561                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        10031                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        10031                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data         8561                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total         8561                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        18592                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                    3920684                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                     9288                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                   2262746                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                     743                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10702                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    74                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                    433                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                  128                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                     200                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                3929972                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses               2263489                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                         6183430                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                         10031                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                     6193461                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walks                   12555                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walksLong               12555                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        12555                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         12555    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        12555                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walksPending::samples   1649660472                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walksPending::0    1649660472    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walksPending::total   1649660472                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        12329     99.72%     99.72% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           35      0.28%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        12364                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        12555                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        12555                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        12364                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        12364                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        24919                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                   17461191                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                    12555                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10702                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    74                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                    188                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses               17473746                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                        17461191                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                         12555                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                    17473746                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numPwrStateTransitions               397                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          199                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   119478551390743.531250                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  1416485314099303.250000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows           83     41.71%     41.71% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10          111     55.78%     97.49% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::2.5e+11-3e+11            1      0.50%     97.99% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows            4      2.01%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 19590215859999000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           199                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu06.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   10035058035                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 23776231726757964                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.numCycles                   21866297913395                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu06.kern.inst.quiesce                    199                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                  17471209                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                    20067645                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.committedUserInsts               8897905                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses            18239746                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_vec_alu_accesses               19509                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                    712279                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts      3406429                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                   18239746                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_vec_insts                      19509                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads          24822284                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes         14506543                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_vec_register_reads             20879                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu06.num_vec_register_writes            11436                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu06.num_cc_register_reads            5755926                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu06.num_cc_register_writes           5721939                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                     6181593                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                   3918668                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                  2262925                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles             21866288684461.675781                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles             9228933.323724                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction               0.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                   1.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.Branches                         4282273                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu06.op_class::No_OpClass                 465      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IntAlu                13839946     68.96%     68.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IntMult                  34289      0.17%     69.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IntDiv                    6414      0.03%     69.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     69.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     69.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     69.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     69.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     69.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     69.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMisc                    2      0.00%     69.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     69.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAdd                   1316      0.01%     69.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     69.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAlu                   2762      0.01%     69.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdCmp                   1860      0.01%     69.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     69.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdMisc                  1344      0.01%     69.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     69.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     69.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     69.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     69.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     69.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     69.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     69.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     69.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     69.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     69.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     69.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     69.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     69.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     69.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                3918668     19.53%     88.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite               2262925     11.28%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::total                 20069991                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         385.421810                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.total_refs           6191459                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          174877                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.avg_refs           35.404650                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.data   385.421810                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.752777                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.752777                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          388                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          388                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.757812                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        12557795                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.tags.data_accesses       12557795                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu06.data      3658344                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3658344                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu06.data      2140816                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      2140816                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu06.data        59199                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        59199                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu06.data         1233                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         1233                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu06.data        76354                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        76354                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu06.data        71138                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        71138                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::cpu06.data      5800393                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total        5800393                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::cpu06.data      5859592                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total       5859592                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu06.data       130988                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       130988                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu06.data        31427                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        31427                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu06.data         2974                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         2974                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu06.data        12754                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        12754                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu06.data          588                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          588                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu06.data         5644                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         5644                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::cpu06.data       175169                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total       175169                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::cpu06.data       178143                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total       178143                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu06.data      3789332                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3789332                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu06.data      2172243                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      2172243                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu06.data        62173                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        62173                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu06.data        13987                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        13987                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu06.data        76942                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        76942                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu06.data        76782                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        76782                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu06.data      5975562                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total      5975562                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu06.data      6037735                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total      6037735                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.034568                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.034568                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.014468                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.014468                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.047834                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.047834                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.911847                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.911847                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.007642                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.007642                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.073507                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.073507                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.029314                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.029314                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.029505                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.029505                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        90446                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total           90446                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements               171743                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.icache.tags.tagsinuse         510.603636                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.tags.total_refs          17473555                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.tags.sampled_refs          140761                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.tags.avg_refs          124.136337                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst   510.603636                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.997273                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997273                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu06.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu06.icache.tags.tag_accesses        35087871                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu06.icache.tags.data_accesses       35087871                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu06.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu06.inst     17332794                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      17332794                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::cpu06.inst     17332794                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total       17332794                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::cpu06.inst     17332794                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total      17332794                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu06.inst       140761                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       140761                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::cpu06.inst       140761                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total       140761                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::cpu06.inst       140761                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total       140761                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu06.inst     17473555                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     17473555                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::cpu06.inst     17473555                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total     17473555                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::cpu06.inst     17473555                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total     17473555                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu06.inst     0.008056                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008056                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu06.inst     0.008056                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008056                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu06.inst     0.008056                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008056                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.writebacks::writebacks       140249                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.icache.writebacks::total          140249                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.icache.replacements               140249                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walks                    9872                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walksLong                9872                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples         9872                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0          9872    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total         9872                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples  -1668106824                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walksPending::0   -1668106824    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walksPending::total  -1668106824                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K         8328     98.68%     98.68% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           91      1.08%     99.76% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G           20      0.24%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total         8439                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data         9872                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total         9872                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data         8439                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total         8439                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        18311                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                    5273711                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                     9184                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                   3453131                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                     688                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          2                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10702                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    74                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                    408                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                  132                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                     155                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                5282895                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses               3453819                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                         8726842                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                          9872                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                     8736714                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walks                   18079                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walksLong               18079                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        18079                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         18079    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        18079                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walksPending::samples     15775648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walksPending::0      15775648    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walksPending::total     15775648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        17876     99.83%     99.83% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           31      0.17%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        17907                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        18079                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        18079                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        17907                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        17907                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        35986                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                   24022666                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                    18079                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          2                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10702                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    74                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                    193                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses               24040745                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                        24022666                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                         18079                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                    24040745                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numPwrStateTransitions              1221                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          611                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   38913629837975.273438                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  35131244269971.101562                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows           95     15.55%     15.55% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10          120     19.64%     35.19% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::2.5e+11-3e+11            1      0.16%     35.35% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows          395     64.65%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 85332409838192                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           611                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu07.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   13930813102                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 23776227831002892                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.numCycles                   60876179867447                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu07.kern.inst.quiesce                    611                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                  24038289                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                    27859420                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.committedUserInsts               8944703                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses            25520851                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_vec_alu_accesses               20731                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                   1362266                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts      4155548                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                   25520851                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_vec_insts                      20731                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads          35311590                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes         20269541                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_vec_register_reads             22628                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu07.num_vec_register_writes            12487                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu07.num_cc_register_reads            7166505                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu07.num_cc_register_writes           7111236                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                     8717104                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                   5263832                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                  3453272                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles             60876144199317.281250                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles             35668129.716669                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction               0.000001                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                   0.999999                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.Branches                         5741642                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu07.op_class::No_OpClass                 521      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IntAlu                19075925     68.47%     68.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IntMult                  48655      0.17%     68.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IntDiv                   11305      0.04%     68.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     68.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     68.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     68.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     68.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     68.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     68.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMisc                    2      0.00%     68.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     68.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAdd                   1480      0.01%     68.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     68.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAlu                   3107      0.01%     68.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdCmp                   2084      0.01%     68.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     68.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdMisc                  1521      0.01%     68.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     68.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     68.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     68.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     68.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     68.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     68.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     68.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     68.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     68.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     68.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     68.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     68.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     68.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     68.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                5263832     18.89%     87.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite               3453272     12.39%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::total                 27861704                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         429.886570                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.total_refs           8733609                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          217929                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.avg_refs           40.075479                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   429.886570                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.839622                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.839622                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          428                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          428                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.835938                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        17685147                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.tags.data_accesses       17685147                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu07.data      4958947                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       4958947                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu07.data      3317135                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3317135                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu07.data        63621                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        63621                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu07.data         1445                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         1445                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu07.data        81234                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        81234                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu07.data        75728                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        75728                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::cpu07.data      8277527                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total        8277527                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::cpu07.data      8341148                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total       8341148                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu07.data       171942                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       171942                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu07.data        39963                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        39963                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu07.data         3839                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         3839                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu07.data        12362                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        12362                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu07.data         1030                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1030                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu07.data         6363                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         6363                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::cpu07.data       224267                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total       224267                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::cpu07.data       228106                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total       228106                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu07.data      5130889                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      5130889                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu07.data      3357098                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3357098                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu07.data        67460                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        67460                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu07.data        13807                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        13807                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu07.data        82264                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        82264                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu07.data        82091                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        82091                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu07.data      8501794                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total      8501794                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu07.data      8569254                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total      8569254                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.033511                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.033511                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.011904                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.011904                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.056908                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.056908                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.895343                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.895343                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.012521                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.012521                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.077512                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.077512                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.026379                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.026379                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.026619                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.026619                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        98732                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total           98732                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements               203979                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.icache.tags.tagsinuse         511.234917                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.tags.total_refs          24040573                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.tags.sampled_refs          265334                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.tags.avg_refs           90.604947                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst   511.234917                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.998506                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998506                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu07.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu07.icache.tags.tag_accesses        48346480                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu07.icache.tags.data_accesses       48346480                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu07.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu07.inst     23775239                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      23775239                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::cpu07.inst     23775239                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total       23775239                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::cpu07.inst     23775239                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total      23775239                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu07.inst       265334                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       265334                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::cpu07.inst       265334                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total       265334                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::cpu07.inst       265334                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total       265334                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu07.inst     24040573                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     24040573                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::cpu07.inst     24040573                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total     24040573                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::cpu07.inst     24040573                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total     24040573                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu07.inst     0.011037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu07.inst     0.011037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu07.inst     0.011037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.writebacks::writebacks       264822                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.icache.writebacks::total          264822                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.icache.replacements               264822                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walks                 3102253                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walksLong             3102253                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples      3102253                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0       3102253    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total      3102253                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples   -398499324                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walksPending::0    -398499324    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walksPending::total   -398499324                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K      3085706     99.61%     99.61% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M        11281      0.36%     99.98% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G          663      0.02%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total      3097650                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data      3102253                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total      3102253                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data      3097650                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total      3097650                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total      6199903                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                  201808178                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                  2931050                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                 119526642                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                  171203                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10702                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    74                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                    713                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                23321                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                     236                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses              204739228                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses             119697845                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                       321334820                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                       3102253                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                   324437073                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walks                 1225821                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walksLong             1225821                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples      1225821                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0       1225821    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total      1225821                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walksPending::samples   -441623824                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walksPending::0    -441623824    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walksPending::total   -441623824                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K      1214556     99.10%     99.10% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M        11069      0.90%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total      1225625                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst      1225821                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total      1225821                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst      1225625                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total      1225625                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total      2451446                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                  921259526                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                  1225821                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10702                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    74                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                    342                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses              922485347                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                       921259526                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                       1225821                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                   922485347                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numPwrStateTransitions             23547                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples        11774                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   2019339829459.825684                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  37458191352130.679688                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows         1977     16.79%     16.79% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         9086     77.17%     93.96% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::1.5e+11-2e+11            1      0.01%     93.97% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::2e+11-2.5e+11            2      0.02%     93.99% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::4.5e+11-5e+11            2      0.02%     94.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::6e+11-6.5e+11            1      0.01%     94.01% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::7e+11-7.5e+11            2      0.02%     94.03% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::9.5e+11-1e+12            2      0.02%     94.05% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows          701      5.95%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 3970191421757000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateClkGateDist::total         11774                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu08.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  534609755239                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 23775707152059988                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.numCycles                   61046729531378                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu08.kern.inst.quiesce                  11774                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                 922438638                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                  1069180782                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.committedUserInsts             686338548                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses           982578712                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_vec_alu_accesses             7207227                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                  49007993                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts    119452169                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                  982578712                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_vec_insts                    7207227                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads        1357891940                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes        822290893                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_vec_register_reads          10430331                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu08.num_vec_register_writes          6409691                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu08.num_cc_register_reads          293850543                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu08.num_cc_register_writes         287225375                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                   324090640                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                 204421383                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                119669257                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles             61045356893227.304688                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles             1372638150.696169                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction               0.000022                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                   0.999978                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.Branches                       180853889                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu08.op_class::No_OpClass              308114      0.03%      0.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IntAlu               730999803     68.37%     68.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IntMult                8026388      0.75%     69.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IntDiv                  207160      0.02%     69.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     69.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatCmp                   206      0.00%     69.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatCvt                 61484      0.01%     69.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMult                 6950      0.00%     69.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMultAcc              6687      0.00%     69.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatDiv                 13637      0.00%     69.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMisc                13905      0.00%     69.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     69.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAdd                1026440      0.10%     69.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     69.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAlu                2210124      0.21%     69.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdCmp                1230424      0.12%     69.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     69.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdMisc               1025333      0.10%     69.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     69.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     69.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     69.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     69.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     69.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     69.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     69.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     69.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     69.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     69.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     69.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     69.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     69.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     69.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead              204421383     19.12%     88.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite             119669257     11.19%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::total               1069227295                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         455.222258                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.total_refs         324394357                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         8691077                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.avg_refs           37.324989                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.data   455.222258                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.889106                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.889106                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          501                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          261                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           73                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          167                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.978516                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       657488239                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.tags.data_accesses      657488239                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu08.data    195382224                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total     195382224                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu08.data    116632574                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total    116632574                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu08.data       749681                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total       749681                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu08.data       170086                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total       170086                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu08.data      1317091                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total      1317091                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu08.data      1253556                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total      1253556                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::cpu08.data    312184884                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total      312184884                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::cpu08.data    312934565                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total     312934565                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu08.data      7075838                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      7075838                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu08.data      1147142                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1147142                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu08.data       148348                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total       148348                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu08.data       370896                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total       370896                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu08.data        42836                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        42836                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu08.data       104085                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total       104085                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::cpu08.data      8593876                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total      8593876                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::cpu08.data      8742224                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total      8742224                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu08.data    202458062                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    202458062                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu08.data    117779716                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    117779716                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu08.data       898029                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total       898029                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu08.data       540982                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total       540982                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu08.data      1359927                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total      1359927                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu08.data      1357641                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total      1357641                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu08.data    320778760                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total    320778760                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu08.data    321676789                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total    321676789                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.034950                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.034950                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.009740                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.009740                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.165193                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.165193                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.685598                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.685598                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.031499                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.031499                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.076666                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.076666                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.026791                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.026791                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.027177                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.027177                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      2512763                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total         2512763                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements              8573808                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.icache.tags.tagsinuse         510.603606                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.tags.total_refs         922485151                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.tags.sampled_refs        11729578                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.tags.avg_refs           78.646065                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst   510.603606                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.997273                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997273                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          481                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu08.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu08.icache.tags.tag_accesses      1856699880                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu08.icache.tags.data_accesses     1856699880                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu08.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu08.inst    910755573                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     910755573                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::cpu08.inst    910755573                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total      910755573                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::cpu08.inst    910755573                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total     910755573                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu08.inst     11729578                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     11729578                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::cpu08.inst     11729578                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total     11729578                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::cpu08.inst     11729578                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total     11729578                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu08.inst    922485151                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    922485151                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::cpu08.inst    922485151                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total    922485151                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::cpu08.inst    922485151                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total    922485151                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu08.inst     0.012715                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.012715                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu08.inst     0.012715                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012715                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu08.inst     0.012715                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012715                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.writebacks::writebacks     11729066                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.icache.writebacks::total        11729066                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.icache.replacements             11729066                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walks                    8349                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walksLong                8349                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples         8349                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0          8349    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total         8349                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples   -121111620                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walksPending::0    -121111620    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walksPending::total   -121111620                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K         7999     98.23%     98.23% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           76      0.93%     99.16% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G           68      0.84%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total         8143                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data         8349                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total         8349                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data         8143                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total         8143                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        16492                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                    2810608                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                     7833                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                   1947553                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                     516                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10702                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    74                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                    258                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                  233                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                     123                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                2818441                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses               1948069                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                         4758161                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                          8349                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                     4766510                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walks                   10937                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walksLong               10937                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        10937                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         10937    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        10937                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walksPending::samples   -164124120                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walksPending::0    -164124120    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walksPending::total   -164124120                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        10783     99.32%     99.32% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           74      0.68%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        10857                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        10937                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        10937                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        10857                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        10857                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        21794                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                   12750386                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                    10937                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10702                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    74                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                    124                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses               12761323                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                        12750386                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                         10937                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                    12761323                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numPwrStateTransitions               597                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          299                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   79519178187869.859375                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  1155183468048655                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows          206     68.90%     68.90% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           88     29.43%     98.33% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows            5      1.67%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          501                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 19590215857850500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           299                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu09.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    7483642914                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 23776234278173088                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.numCycles                   21866297917792                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu09.kern.inst.quiesce                    299                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                  12760669                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                    14966691                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.committedUserInsts               4806885                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses            13865650                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_vec_alu_accesses               13205                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                    642044                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts      1948895                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                   13865650                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_vec_insts                      13205                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads          19817110                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes         11149360                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_vec_register_reads             14271                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu09.num_vec_register_writes             5664                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu09.num_cc_register_reads            3585807                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu09.num_cc_register_writes           3547146                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                     4759757                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                   2812148                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                  1947609                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles             21866291035318.796875                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles             6882473.203470                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction               0.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                   1.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.Branches                         2711932                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu09.op_class::No_OpClass                 242      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IntAlu                10173223     67.97%     67.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IntMult                  24586      0.16%     68.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IntDiv                    5645      0.04%     68.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     68.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     68.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     68.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     68.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     68.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     68.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMisc                    2      0.00%     68.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     68.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAdd                    679      0.00%     68.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     68.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAlu                   1476      0.01%     68.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdCmp                    968      0.01%     68.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     68.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdMisc                   687      0.00%     68.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     68.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     68.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     68.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     68.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     68.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     68.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     68.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     68.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     68.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     68.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     68.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     68.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     68.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     68.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                2812148     18.79%     86.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite               1947609     13.01%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::total                 14967265                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         409.275949                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.total_refs           4719293                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          133119                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.avg_refs           35.451686                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.data   409.275949                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.799367                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.799367                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          417                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          417                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.814453                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         9662077                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.tags.data_accesses        9662077                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu09.data      2620078                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2620078                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu09.data      1816580                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1816580                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu09.data        39910                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        39910                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu09.data          951                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total          951                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu09.data        52936                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        52936                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu09.data        50876                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        50876                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::cpu09.data      4437609                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total        4437609                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::cpu09.data      4477519                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total       4477519                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu09.data       100801                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       100801                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu09.data        25452                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        25452                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu09.data         3320                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         3320                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu09.data         5350                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total         5350                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu09.data          479                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          479                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu09.data         2498                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         2498                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::cpu09.data       131603                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total       131603                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::cpu09.data       134923                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total       134923                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu09.data      2720879                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2720879                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu09.data      1842032                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1842032                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu09.data        43230                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        43230                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu09.data         6301                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total         6301                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu09.data        53415                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        53415                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu09.data        53374                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        53374                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu09.data      4569212                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4569212                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu09.data      4612442                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4612442                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.037047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.037047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.013817                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.013817                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.076799                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.076799                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.849072                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.849072                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.008968                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.008968                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.046802                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.046802                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.028802                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.028802                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.029252                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.029252                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        69548                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total           69548                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements               130398                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.icache.tags.tagsinuse         510.603544                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.tags.total_refs          12761243                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.tags.sampled_refs          174384                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.tags.avg_refs           73.178979                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst   510.603544                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.997273                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997273                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu09.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu09.icache.tags.tag_accesses        25696870                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu09.icache.tags.data_accesses       25696870                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu09.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu09.inst     12586859                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12586859                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::cpu09.inst     12586859                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total       12586859                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::cpu09.inst     12586859                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total      12586859                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu09.inst       174384                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       174384                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::cpu09.inst       174384                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total       174384                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::cpu09.inst       174384                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total       174384                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu09.inst     12761243                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12761243                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::cpu09.inst     12761243                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total     12761243                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::cpu09.inst     12761243                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total     12761243                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu09.inst     0.013665                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.013665                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu09.inst     0.013665                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.013665                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu09.inst     0.013665                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.013665                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.writebacks::writebacks       173872                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.icache.writebacks::total          173872                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.icache.replacements               173872                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walks                    2081                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walksLong                2081                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples         2081                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0          2081    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total         2081                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples    755168268                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walksPending::0     755168268    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walksPending::total    755168268                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K         1479     98.86%     98.86% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           10      0.67%     99.53% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G            7      0.47%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total         1496                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data         2081                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total         2081                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data         1496                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total         1496                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total         3577                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                     822866                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                     1970                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                    456632                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                     111                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10702                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    74                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                     29                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                   59                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                      20                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                 824836                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                456743                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                         1279498                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                          2081                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                     1281579                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walks                    2811                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walksLong                2811                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples         2811                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0          2811    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total         2811                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walksPending::samples    755474268                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walksPending::0     755474268    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walksPending::total    755474268                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K         2769     99.64%     99.64% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           10      0.36%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total         2779                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst         2811                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total         2811                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst         2779                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total         2779                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total         5590                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                    3954723                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                     2811                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10702                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    74                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                3957534                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                         3954723                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                          2811                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                     3957534                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numPwrStateTransitions               139                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples           70                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   280457192322416.562500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  2346461575693692                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows           34     48.57%     48.57% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           35     50.00%     98.57% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows            1      1.43%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          501                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 19631907433529500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateClkGateDist::total            70                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu10.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  4144238299246838                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 19632003462569160                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.numCycles                   21782914766205                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu10.kern.inst.quiesce                     70                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                   3956784                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                     4424684                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.committedUserInsts               1611211                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses             3936315                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_vec_alu_accesses                3215                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                    160716                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts       914160                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                    3936315                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_vec_insts                       3215                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads           5461845                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes          3077202                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_vec_register_reads              3412                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu10.num_vec_register_writes             1679                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu10.num_cc_register_reads            1472067                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu10.num_cc_register_writes           1468887                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                     1279404                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                    822708                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                   456696                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles             21782912739006.074219                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles             2027198.926694                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction               0.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                   1.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.Branches                         1098241                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu10.op_class::No_OpClass                  66      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IntAlu                 3138756     70.93%     70.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IntMult                   5461      0.12%     71.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IntDiv                     651      0.01%     71.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     71.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     71.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     71.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     71.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     71.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     71.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     71.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     71.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAdd                    196      0.00%     71.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     71.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAlu                    412      0.01%     71.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdCmp                    264      0.01%     71.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     71.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdMisc                   192      0.00%     71.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     71.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     71.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     71.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     71.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     71.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     71.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     71.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     71.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     71.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     71.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     71.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     71.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     71.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     71.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                 822708     18.59%     89.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite                456696     10.32%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::total                  4425402                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         294.051348                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.total_refs           1276908                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           29578                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.avg_refs           43.170870                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    10891359141327500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   294.051348                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.574319                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.574319                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          356                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          356                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.695312                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         2590946                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.data_accesses        2590946                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu10.data       773519                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        773519                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu10.data       430140                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       430140                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu10.data        12926                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        12926                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu10.data          287                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total          287                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu10.data        14565                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        14565                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu10.data        14000                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        14000                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::cpu10.data      1203946                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total        1203946                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::cpu10.data      1216872                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total       1216872                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu10.data        22253                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        22253                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu10.data         5453                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5453                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu10.data          679                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total          679                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu10.data         2187                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total         2187                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu10.data          186                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          186                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu10.data          713                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          713                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::cpu10.data        29893                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total        29893                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::cpu10.data        30572                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total        30572                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu10.data       795772                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       795772                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu10.data       435593                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       435593                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu10.data        13605                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        13605                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu10.data         2474                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total         2474                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu10.data        14751                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        14751                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu10.data        14713                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        14713                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu10.data      1233839                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1233839                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu10.data      1247444                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1247444                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.027964                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.027964                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.012519                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.012519                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.049908                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.049908                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.883994                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.883994                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.012609                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.012609                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.048461                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.048461                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.024228                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.024228                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.024508                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.024508                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        16341                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total           16341                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                28550                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.icache.tags.tagsinuse         422.757599                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.tags.total_refs           3957502                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.tags.sampled_refs           38266                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.tags.avg_refs          103.420844                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    10891359141322500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst   422.757599                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.825698                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.825698                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu10.icache.tags.tag_accesses         7953270                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu10.icache.tags.data_accesses        7953270                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu10.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu10.inst      3919236                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       3919236                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::cpu10.inst      3919236                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total        3919236                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::cpu10.inst      3919236                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total       3919236                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu10.inst        38266                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        38266                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::cpu10.inst        38266                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total        38266                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::cpu10.inst        38266                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total        38266                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu10.inst      3957502                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3957502                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::cpu10.inst      3957502                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total      3957502                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::cpu10.inst      3957502                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total      3957502                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu10.inst     0.009669                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009669                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu10.inst     0.009669                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009669                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu10.inst     0.009669                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009669                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.writebacks::writebacks        37754                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.icache.writebacks::total           37754                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                37754                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walks                   10960                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walksLong               10960                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        10960                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         10960    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        10960                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples    172491880                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walksPending::0     172491880    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walksPending::total    172491880                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K         8921     98.92%     98.92% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           79      0.88%     99.80% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G           18      0.20%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total         9018                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        10960                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        10960                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data         9018                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total         9018                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        19978                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                    4292503                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                    10243                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                   2318895                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                     717                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10702                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    74                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                    461                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                  129                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                     175                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                4302746                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses               2319612                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                         6611398                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                         10960                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                     6622358                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walks                   11713                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walksLong               11713                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        11713                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         11713    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        11713                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walksPending::samples    171861880                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walksPending::0     171861880    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walksPending::total    171861880                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        11508     99.69%     99.69% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           36      0.31%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        11544                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        11713                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        11713                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        11544                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        11544                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        23257                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                   19100819                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                    11713                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10702                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    74                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                    252                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses               19112532                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                        19100819                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                         11713                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                    19112532                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numPwrStateTransitions               434                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          217                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   109089737150466.328125                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  1348058522324635                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows           90     41.47%     41.47% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10          115     53.00%     94.47% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::2.5e+11-3e+11            1      0.46%     94.93% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows           11      5.07%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 19590215856948000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           217                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu11.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  103768800164807                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 23672472961651192                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.numCycles                   21866297919516                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu11.kern.inst.quiesce                    218                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                  19109627                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                    21743517                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.committedUserInsts              10528673                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses            19653099                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_vec_alu_accesses               23174                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                    737070                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts      3954353                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                   19653099                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_vec_insts                      23174                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads          26551754                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes         15548582                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_vec_register_reads             27070                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu11.num_vec_register_writes            15360                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu11.num_cc_register_reads            6540804                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu11.num_cc_register_writes           6487773                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                     6607861                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                   4288763                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                  2319098                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles             21866287919794.062500                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles             9999721.937297                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction               0.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                   1.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.Branches                         4866219                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu11.op_class::No_OpClass                 679      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IntAlu                15087369     69.38%     69.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IntMult                  32988      0.15%     69.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IntDiv                    6390      0.03%     69.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     69.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     69.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     69.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     69.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     69.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     69.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMisc                    2      0.00%     69.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     69.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAdd                   2009      0.01%     69.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     69.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAlu                   4224      0.02%     69.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdCmp                   2716      0.01%     69.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     69.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdMisc                  2015      0.01%     69.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     69.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     69.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     69.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     69.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     69.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     69.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     69.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     69.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     69.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     69.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     69.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     69.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     69.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     69.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                4288763     19.72%     89.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite               2319098     10.66%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::total                 21746253                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         368.778055                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.total_refs           6619905                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          163650                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.avg_refs           40.451604                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6850880981788500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   368.778055                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.720270                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.720270                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          373                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          373                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.728516                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        13403460                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.data_accesses       13403460                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu11.data      4043056                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       4043056                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu11.data      2202178                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      2202178                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu11.data        57900                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        57900                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu11.data         1224                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         1224                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu11.data        73362                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        73362                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu11.data        69280                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        69280                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::cpu11.data      6246458                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total        6246458                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::cpu11.data      6304358                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total       6304358                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu11.data       122464                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       122464                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu11.data        28611                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        28611                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu11.data         2931                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         2931                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu11.data        12895                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        12895                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu11.data         1040                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1040                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu11.data         4964                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         4964                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::cpu11.data       163970                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total       163970                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::cpu11.data       166901                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total       166901                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu11.data      4165520                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      4165520                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu11.data      2230789                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      2230789                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu11.data        60831                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        60831                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu11.data        14119                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        14119                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu11.data        74402                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        74402                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu11.data        74244                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        74244                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu11.data      6410428                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total      6410428                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu11.data      6471259                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total      6471259                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.029399                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.029399                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.012826                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.012826                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.048183                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.048183                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.913308                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.913308                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.013978                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.013978                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.066861                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.066861                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.025579                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.025579                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.025791                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.025791                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        86209                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total           86209                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements               160482                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.icache.tags.tagsinuse         509.765665                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.tags.total_refs          19112363                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.tags.sampled_refs          132915                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.tags.avg_refs          143.793876                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6850880981783500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   509.765665                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.995636                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.995636                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu11.icache.tags.tag_accesses        38357641                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu11.icache.tags.data_accesses       38357641                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu11.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu11.inst     18979448                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      18979448                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::cpu11.inst     18979448                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total       18979448                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::cpu11.inst     18979448                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total      18979448                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu11.inst       132915                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       132915                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::cpu11.inst       132915                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total       132915                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::cpu11.inst       132915                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total       132915                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu11.inst     19112363                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     19112363                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::cpu11.inst     19112363                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total     19112363                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::cpu11.inst     19112363                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total     19112363                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu11.inst     0.006954                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.006954                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu11.inst     0.006954                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006954                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu11.inst     0.006954                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006954                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.writebacks::writebacks       132403                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.icache.writebacks::total          132403                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.icache.replacements               132403                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walks                   11163                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walksLong               11163                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        11163                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         11163    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        11163                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples    777910880                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walksPending::0     777910880    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walksPending::total    777910880                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K         9056     98.89%     98.89% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           84      0.92%     99.80% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G           18      0.20%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total         9158                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        11163                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        11163                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data         9158                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total         9158                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        20321                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                    4312961                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                    10410                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                   2329492                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                     753                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10702                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    74                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                    358                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                  121                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                     173                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                4323371                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses               2330245                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                         6642453                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                         11163                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                     6653616                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walks                   12350                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walksLong               12350                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        12350                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         12350    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        12350                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walksPending::samples    730119880                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walksPending::0     730119880    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walksPending::total    730119880                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        12121     99.75%     99.75% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M           30      0.25%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        12151                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst        12350                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        12350                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst        12151                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        12151                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total        24501                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                   19261659                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                    12350                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10702                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    74                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                    129                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses               19274009                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                        19261659                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                         12350                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                    19274009                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numPwrStateTransitions               371                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          186                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   127271356204692.437500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  1464042750141379.250000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows           86     46.24%     46.24% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           95     51.08%     97.31% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::2.5e+11-3e+11            1      0.54%     97.85% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows            4      2.15%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          501                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 19590215856310500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           186                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu12.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  103769507743206                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 23672472254072792                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.numCycles                   21866297920759                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu12.kern.inst.quiesce                    186                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                  19270977                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                    21943949                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.committedUserInsts              10135237                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses            19837595                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_vec_alu_accesses               27704                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                    749353                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts      3987067                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                   19837595                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_vec_insts                      27704                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads          26906454                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes         15713621                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_vec_register_reads             33412                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu12.num_vec_register_writes            19858                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu12.num_cc_register_reads            6605100                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu12.num_cc_register_writes           6565089                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                     6641600                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                   4311893                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                  2329707                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles             21866287828802.984375                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles             10091956.016115                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction               0.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                   1.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.Branches                         4904544                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu12.op_class::No_OpClass                 904      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IntAlu                15247917     69.48%     69.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IntMult                  35226      0.16%     69.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IntDiv                    6548      0.03%     69.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     69.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     69.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     69.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     69.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     69.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     69.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMisc                    2      0.00%     69.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     69.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdAdd                   2688      0.01%     69.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     69.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdAlu                   5571      0.03%     69.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdCmp                   3616      0.02%     69.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     69.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdMisc                  2710      0.01%     69.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     69.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     69.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     69.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     69.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     69.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     69.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     69.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     69.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     69.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     69.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     69.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     69.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     69.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     69.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                4311893     19.65%     89.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite               2329707     10.62%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::total                 21946782                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         411.778090                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.total_refs           6651150                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          183576                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.avg_refs           36.231043                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6850881589076500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.data   411.778090                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.804254                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.804254                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          408                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          408                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.796875                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        13485876                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.data_accesses       13485876                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu12.data      4035367                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       4035367                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu12.data      2204613                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      2204613                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu12.data        62850                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        62850                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu12.data         1355                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total         1355                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu12.data        79350                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        79350                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu12.data        74417                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        74417                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::cpu12.data      6241335                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total        6241335                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::cpu12.data      6304185                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total       6304185                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu12.data       139394                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       139394                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu12.data        30466                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        30466                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu12.data         3830                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         3830                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu12.data        13583                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        13583                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu12.data          567                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          567                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu12.data         5358                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         5358                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::cpu12.data       183443                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total       183443                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::cpu12.data       187273                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total       187273                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu12.data      4174761                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      4174761                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu12.data      2235079                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      2235079                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu12.data        66680                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        66680                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu12.data        14938                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        14938                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu12.data        79917                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        79917                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu12.data        79775                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        79775                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu12.data      6424778                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total      6424778                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu12.data      6491458                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total      6491458                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.033390                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.033390                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.013631                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.013631                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.057439                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.057439                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.909292                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.909292                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.007095                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.007095                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.067164                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.067164                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.028552                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.028552                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.028849                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.028849                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        97107                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total           97107                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements               180708                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.icache.tags.tagsinuse         509.765652                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.tags.total_refs          19273810                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.tags.sampled_refs          142060                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.tags.avg_refs          135.673729                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6850881589071500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst   509.765652                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.995636                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.995636                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu12.icache.tags.tag_accesses        38689680                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu12.icache.tags.data_accesses       38689680                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu12.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu12.inst     19131750                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      19131750                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::cpu12.inst     19131750                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total       19131750                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::cpu12.inst     19131750                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total      19131750                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu12.inst       142060                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       142060                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::cpu12.inst       142060                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total       142060                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::cpu12.inst       142060                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total       142060                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu12.inst     19273810                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     19273810                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::cpu12.inst     19273810                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total     19273810                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::cpu12.inst     19273810                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total     19273810                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu12.inst     0.007371                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.007371                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu12.inst     0.007371                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.007371                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu12.inst     0.007371                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.007371                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.writebacks::writebacks       141548                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.icache.writebacks::total          141548                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.icache.replacements               141548                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walks                  308689                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walksLong              308689                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples       308689                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0        308689    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total       308689                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples    824096972                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walksPending::0     824096972    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walksPending::total    824096972                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K       303369     98.28%     98.28% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M         5103      1.65%     99.94% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G          192      0.06%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total       308664                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data       308689                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total       308689                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data       308664                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total       308664                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total       617353                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                   28760083                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                   295919                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                  24734880                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                   12770                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10702                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    74                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                    355                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                10536                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                     132                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses               29056002                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses              24747650                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                        53494963                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                        308689                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                    53803652                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walks                  572881                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walksLong              572881                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples       572881                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0        572881    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total       572881                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walksPending::samples  -1661801528                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walksPending::0   -1661801528    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walksPending::total  -1661801528                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K       567805     99.12%     99.12% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M         5062      0.88%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total       572867                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst       572881                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total       572881                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst       572867                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total       572867                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total      1145748                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                  143230430                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                   572881                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10702                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    74                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                    242                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses              143803311                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                       143230430                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                        572881                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                   143803311                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numPwrStateTransitions             14777                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         7389                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   3217777152764.028809                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  13544903659998.847656                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows         1630     22.06%     22.06% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         5180     70.10%     92.16% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::2e+11-2.5e+11            1      0.01%     92.18% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::4.5e+11-5e+11            2      0.03%     92.20% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::5e+11-5.5e+11            2      0.03%     92.23% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::6e+11-6.5e+11            1      0.01%     92.25% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::7e+11-7.5e+11            2      0.03%     92.27% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::7.5e+11-8e+11            1      0.01%     92.29% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::8.5e+11-9e+11            1      0.01%     92.30% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::9e+11-9.5e+11            1      0.01%     92.31% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::9.5e+11-1e+12            3      0.04%     92.35% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows          565      7.65%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 85332409769192                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateClkGateDist::total          7389                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu13.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   86380041740                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 23776155381773408                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.numCycles                   61031932845603                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu13.kern.inst.quiesce                   7389                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                 143783370                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                   172744778                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.committedUserInsts              43950904                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses           159528686                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_vec_alu_accesses             3109751                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                  10765511                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts     19255818                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                  159528686                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_vec_insts                    3109751                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads         227761375                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes        126465071                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_vec_register_reads           4536601                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu13.num_vec_register_writes          2763650                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu13.num_cc_register_reads           32886604                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu13.num_cc_register_writes          31772658                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                    53697585                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                  28960950                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                 24736635                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles             61031711114164.148438                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles             221731438.852684                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction               0.000004                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                   0.999996                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.Branches                        31710197                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu13.op_class::No_OpClass              135000      0.08%      0.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IntAlu               116066524     67.18%     67.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IntMult                 343314      0.20%     67.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IntDiv                  107383      0.06%     67.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     67.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     67.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     67.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     67.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     67.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     67.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     67.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     67.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdAdd                 452686      0.26%     67.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     67.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdAlu                 967562      0.56%     68.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdCmp                 540000      0.31%     68.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     68.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdMisc                454651      0.26%     68.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     68.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     68.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     68.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     68.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     68.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     68.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     68.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     68.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     68.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     68.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     68.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     68.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     68.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     68.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead               28960950     16.76%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite              24736635     14.32%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::total                172764705                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         430.666451                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.total_refs          53788060                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         1950445                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.avg_refs           27.577327                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.data   430.666451                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.841145                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.841145                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          404                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          404                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.789062                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       109526565                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.data_accesses      109526565                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu13.data     26761534                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      26761534                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu13.data     23757760                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     23757760                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu13.data       262003                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total       262003                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu13.data        46058                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total        46058                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu13.data       469147                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       469147                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu13.data       436947                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       436947                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::cpu13.data     50565352                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total       50565352                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::cpu13.data     50827355                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total      50827355                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu13.data      1464542                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1464542                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu13.data       353236                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       353236                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu13.data        66025                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        66025                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu13.data        96336                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        96336                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu13.data        22391                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        22391                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu13.data        52081                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        52081                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::cpu13.data      1914114                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total      1914114                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::cpu13.data      1980139                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total      1980139                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu13.data     28226076                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     28226076                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu13.data     24110996                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     24110996                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu13.data       328028                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total       328028                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu13.data       142394                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total       142394                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu13.data       491538                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       491538                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu13.data       489028                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       489028                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu13.data     52479466                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total     52479466                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu13.data     52807494                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total     52807494                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.051886                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.051886                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.014650                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.014650                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.201279                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.201279                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.676545                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.676545                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.045553                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.045553                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.106499                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.106499                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.036474                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.036474                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.037497                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.037497                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       829155                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total          829155                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements              1877279                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.icache.tags.tagsinuse         510.612919                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.tags.total_refs         143803297                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.tags.sampled_refs         5391178                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.tags.avg_refs           26.673817                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst   510.612919                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.997291                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997291                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu13.icache.tags.tag_accesses       292997772                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu13.icache.tags.data_accesses      292997772                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu13.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu13.inst    138412119                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     138412119                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::cpu13.inst    138412119                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total      138412119                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::cpu13.inst    138412119                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total     138412119                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu13.inst      5391178                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      5391178                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::cpu13.inst      5391178                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total      5391178                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::cpu13.inst      5391178                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total      5391178                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu13.inst    143803297                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    143803297                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::cpu13.inst    143803297                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total    143803297                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::cpu13.inst    143803297                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total    143803297                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu13.inst     0.037490                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.037490                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu13.inst     0.037490                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.037490                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu13.inst     0.037490                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.037490                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.writebacks::writebacks      5390666                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.icache.writebacks::total         5390666                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.icache.replacements              5390666                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walks                  938302                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walksLong              938302                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples       938302                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0        938302    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total       938302                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples     15759648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walksPending::0      15759648    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walksPending::total     15759648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K       934878     99.83%     99.83% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M         1463      0.16%     99.99% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G           92      0.01%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total       936433                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data       938302                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total       938302                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data       936433                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total       936433                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total      1874735                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                  325830139                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                   825016                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                 286890999                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                  113286                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10702                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    74                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                   2350                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                38276                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                     685                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses              326655155                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses             287004285                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                       612721138                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                        938302                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                   613659440                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walks                 5577221                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walksLong             5577221                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples      5577221                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0       5577221    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total      5577221                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walksPending::samples     15759148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walksPending::0      15759148    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walksPending::total     15759148                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K      5560961     99.71%     99.71% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M        15916      0.29%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total      5576877                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst      5577221                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total      5577221                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst      5576877                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total      5576877                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total     11154098                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                 1496263420                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                  5577221                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10702                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    74                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                   1836                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses             1501840641                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                      1496263420                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                       5577221                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                  1501840641                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numPwrStateTransitions            233888                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples       116944                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   203305349277.745117                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  2468898694591.529785                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows       111961     95.74%     95.74% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         4194      3.59%     99.33% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::3e+11-3.5e+11            1      0.00%     99.33% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows          788      0.67%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 30235161848096                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateClkGateDist::total        116944                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu14.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  900995809900                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 23775340765936624                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.numCycles                   61046729750139                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu14.kern.inst.quiesce                 116944                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                1501439798                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                  1801593251                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.committedUserInsts             209097989                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses          1689533089                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_vec_alu_accesses             3570739                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                 126722603                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts    215910384                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                 1689533089                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_vec_insts                    3570739                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads        2399743592                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes       1301620562                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_vec_register_reads           3793612                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu14.num_vec_register_writes          2134351                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu14.num_cc_register_reads          320835724                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu14.num_cc_register_writes         319464234                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                   612571203                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                 325783596                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                286787607                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles             61044416396849.039062                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles             2313353289.959381                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction               0.000038                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                   0.999962                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.Branches                       355158653                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu14.op_class::No_OpClass               82657      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IntAlu              1186251746     65.83%     65.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IntMult                1471568      0.08%     65.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IntDiv                  249787      0.01%     65.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     65.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     65.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     65.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     65.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     65.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     65.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMisc                   10      0.00%     65.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     65.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdAdd                 247229      0.01%     65.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     65.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdAlu                 518099      0.03%     65.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdCmp                 330628      0.02%     65.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     65.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdMisc                270822      0.02%     66.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     66.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     66.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     66.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     66.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     66.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     66.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     66.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     66.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     66.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     66.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     66.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     66.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     66.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     66.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead              325783596     18.08%     84.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite             286787607     15.92%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::total               1801993749                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         498.870050                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.total_refs         613632452                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.sampled_refs        15846403                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.avg_refs           38.723769                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.data   498.870050                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.974356                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.974356                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           60                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          345                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           77                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.tag_accesses      1243111307                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.data_accesses     1243111307                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu14.data    303068413                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total     303068413                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu14.data    276161464                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total    276161464                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu14.data      4553535                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total      4553535                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu14.data       204156                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total       204156                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu14.data      6704382                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total      6704382                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu14.data      6820864                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total      6820864                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::cpu14.data    579434033                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total      579434033                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::cpu14.data    583987568                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total     583987568                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu14.data     11287906                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     11287906                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu14.data      2848199                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      2848199                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu14.data       793105                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total       793105                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu14.data       836847                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total       836847                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu14.data       235580                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total       235580                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu14.data       118001                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total       118001                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::cpu14.data     14972952                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total     14972952                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::cpu14.data     15766057                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total     15766057                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu14.data    314356319                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    314356319                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu14.data    279009663                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    279009663                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu14.data      5346640                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total      5346640                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu14.data      1041003                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total      1041003                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu14.data      6939962                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total      6939962                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu14.data      6938865                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total      6938865                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu14.data    594406985                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total    594406985                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu14.data    599753625                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total    599753625                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.035908                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.035908                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.010208                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.010208                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.148337                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.148337                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.803885                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.803885                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.033945                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.033945                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.017006                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.017006                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.025190                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.025190                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.026288                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.026288                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      8359162                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total         8359162                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements             15625597                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.icache.tags.tagsinuse         511.954082                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.tags.total_refs        1501840297                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.tags.sampled_refs        55031870                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.tags.avg_refs           27.290374                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst   511.954082                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.999910                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999910                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          192                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          311                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.tag_accesses      3058712464                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu14.icache.tags.data_accesses     3058712464                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu14.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu14.inst   1446808427                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total    1446808427                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::cpu14.inst   1446808427                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total     1446808427                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::cpu14.inst   1446808427                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total    1446808427                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu14.inst     55031870                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     55031870                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::cpu14.inst     55031870                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total     55031870                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::cpu14.inst     55031870                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total     55031870                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu14.inst   1501840297                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1501840297                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::cpu14.inst   1501840297                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total   1501840297                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::cpu14.inst   1501840297                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total   1501840297                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu14.inst     0.036643                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.036643                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu14.inst     0.036643                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.036643                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu14.inst     0.036643                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.036643                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.writebacks::writebacks     55031358                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.icache.writebacks::total        55031358                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.icache.replacements             55031358                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walks                   73023                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walksLong               73023                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples        73023                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::0         73023    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkWaitTime::total        73023                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walksPending::samples   -315558908                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walksPending::0    -315558908    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walksPending::total   -315558908                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K        71558     98.18%     98.18% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M         1285      1.76%     99.94% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::1G           42      0.06%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkPageSizes::total        72885                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data        73023                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total        73023                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data        72885                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total        72885                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total       145908                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                    9793739                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                    69965                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                   8375656                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                    3058                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10702                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                    74                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                    164                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                 2449                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                      59                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                9863704                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses               8378714                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                        18169395                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                         73023                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                    18242418                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walks                  165284                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walksLong              165284                       # Table walker walks initiated with long descriptors
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::samples       165284                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::0        165284    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkWaitTime::total       165284                       # Table walker wait (enqueue to first request) latency
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walksPending::samples     16101648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walksPending::0      16101648    100.00%    100.00% # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walksPending::total     16101648                       # Table walker pending requests distribution
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::4K       164061     99.29%     99.29% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::2M         1168      0.71%    100.00% # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkPageSizes::total       165229                       # Table walker page sizes translated
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst       165284                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total       165284                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst       165229                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total       165229                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total       330513                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                   47290061                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                   165284                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid             10702                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                    74                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                     68                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses               47455345                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                        47290061                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                        165284                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                    47455345                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numPwrStateTransitions              8855                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         4428                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean   5369515163696.719727                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev  18439878205702.453125                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows         1471     33.22%     33.22% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         2518     56.87%     90.09% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::5e+10-1e+11            1      0.02%     90.11% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::4e+11-4.5e+11            1      0.02%     90.13% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::9.5e+11-1e+12            1      0.02%     90.15% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::overflows          436      9.85%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value 85332409833192                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateClkGateDist::total          4428                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu15.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   28616966120                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 23776213144849076                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.numCycles                   61031924836726                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu15.kern.inst.quiesce                   4428                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                  47448928                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                    57229803                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.committedUserInsts               9277737                       # Number of user-mode instructions committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses            53222876                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_vec_alu_accesses              717473                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                   3839304                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts      6135724                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                   53222876                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_vec_insts                     717473                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads          75760535                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes         42211215                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_vec_register_reads           1040311                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu15.num_vec_register_writes           627972                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu15.num_cc_register_reads           10234632                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu15.num_cc_register_writes           9971154                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                    18214311                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                   9838388                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                  8375923                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles             61031851379031.023438                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles             73457694.974175                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction               0.000001                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                   0.999999                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.Branches                        10469916                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu15.op_class::No_OpClass               30618      0.05%      0.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IntAlu                38299288     66.91%     66.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IntMult                 110270      0.19%     67.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IntDiv                   33630      0.06%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdAdd                 102725      0.18%     67.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     67.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdAlu                 219590      0.38%     67.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdCmp                 122472      0.21%     68.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     68.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdMisc                103261      0.18%     68.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     68.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     68.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     68.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     68.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     68.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     68.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     68.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     68.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     68.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     68.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     68.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     68.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     68.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     68.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead                9838388     17.19%     85.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite               8375923     14.63%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::total                 57236165                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         432.057865                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.total_refs          18234875                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          591345                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.avg_refs           30.836272                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054796000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.data   432.057865                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.843863                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.843863                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          427                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          427                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.833984                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        37062247                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.data_accesses       37062247                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu15.data      9124146                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9124146                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu15.data      8073356                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8073356                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu15.data        98351                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        98351                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu15.data        10891                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total        10891                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu15.data       154131                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       154131                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu15.data       138325                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       138325                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::cpu15.data     17208393                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total       17208393                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::cpu15.data     17306744                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total      17306744                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu15.data       453798                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       453798                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu15.data       106789                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       106789                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu15.data        22798                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        22798                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu15.data        27118                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        27118                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu15.data         5801                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         5801                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu15.data        19371                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        19371                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::cpu15.data       587705                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total       587705                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::cpu15.data       610503                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total       610503                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu15.data      9577944                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9577944                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu15.data      8180145                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8180145                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu15.data       121149                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total       121149                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu15.data        38009                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        38009                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu15.data       159932                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       159932                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu15.data       157696                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       157696                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu15.data     17796098                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17796098                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu15.data     17917247                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17917247                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.047379                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.047379                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.013055                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.013055                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.188181                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.188181                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.713463                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.713463                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.036272                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.036272                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.122838                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.122838                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.033024                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.033024                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.034073                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.034073                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       237740                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total          237740                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements               550012                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.icache.tags.tagsinuse         511.391432                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.tags.total_refs          47455290                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.tags.sampled_refs         1666607                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.tags.avg_refs           28.474193                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.tags.warmup_cycle    6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst   511.391432                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.998811                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998811                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu15.icache.tags.tag_accesses        96577187                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu15.icache.tags.data_accesses       96577187                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu15.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu15.inst     45788683                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      45788683                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::cpu15.inst     45788683                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total       45788683                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::cpu15.inst     45788683                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total      45788683                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu15.inst      1666607                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      1666607                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::cpu15.inst      1666607                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total      1666607                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::cpu15.inst      1666607                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total      1666607                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu15.inst     47455290                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     47455290                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::cpu15.inst     47455290                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total     47455290                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::cpu15.inst     47455290                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total     47455290                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu15.inst     0.035120                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.035120                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu15.inst     0.035120                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.035120                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu15.inst     0.035120                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.035120                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.writebacks::writebacks      1666095                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.icache.writebacks::total         1666095                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.icache.replacements              1666095                       # number of replacements
system.iobus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                17163                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp               17163                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq              546262                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp             546262                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart0.pio        25664                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pci_ide.pio        23452                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.viopci.pio         5356                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total        54472                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pci_ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      1072378                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pci_ide.dma::total      1072378                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                 1126850                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart0.pio        25664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pci_ide.pio        13079                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.viopci.pio         4017                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total        42760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pci_ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side     34241000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pci_ide.dma::total     34241000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                 34283760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse               15.930184                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                 536189                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs               536189                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        1                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle         6850870962763001                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::pci_ide     15.930184                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::pci_ide     0.995636                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.995636                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses              4825701                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses             4825701                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pci_ide           3389                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total             3389                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::pci_ide       532800                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total       532800                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::pci_ide          536189                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total            536189                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::pci_ide         536189                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total           536189                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pci_ide         3389                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total           3389                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::pci_ide       532800                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total       532800                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::pci_ide        536189                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total          536189                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::pci_ide       536189                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total         536189                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pci_ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::pci_ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pci_ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pci_ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          532784                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total               532784                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.replacements                    536173                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l200.tags.tagsinuse               15617.960436                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.tags.total_refs                  37016797                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.tags.sampled_refs                 3347877                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.tags.avg_refs                   11.056797                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.tags.warmup_cycle            6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    530.441886                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.dtb.walker    20.265387                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.itb.walker    42.912362                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst   1391.582947                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.tags.occ_blocks::cpu00.data  13632.757853                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.032376                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.dtb.walker     0.001237                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.itb.walker     0.002619                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.084935                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.tags.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.832078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.tags.occ_percent::total          0.953245                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           44                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l200.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        15892                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l200.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           44                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l200.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        15892                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l200.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.002686                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l200.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.969971                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l200.tags.tag_accesses                78210013                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l200.tags.data_accesses               78210013                       # Number of data accesses
system.l200.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::cpu00.dtb.walker      2965984                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::cpu00.itb.walker       328952                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total               3294936                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      2236216                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l200.WritebackDirty_hits::total        2236216                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l200.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks      6250342                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l200.WritebackClean_hits::total        6250342                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l200.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu00.data          2949                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l200.UpgradeReq_hits::total               2949                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l200.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu00.data          140                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l200.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total              140                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::cpu00.data         541224                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total              541224                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu00.inst      6292115                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l200.ReadCleanReq_hits::total          6292115                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l200.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu00.data      7021251                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l200.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         7021251                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l200.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu00.data         1700                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l200.InvalidateReq_hits::total            1700                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::cpu00.dtb.walker      2965984                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::cpu00.itb.walker       328952                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::cpu00.inst           6292115                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::cpu00.data           7562475                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total               17149526                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::cpu00.dtb.walker      2965984                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::cpu00.itb.walker       328952                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::cpu00.inst          6292115                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::cpu00.data          7562475                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total              17149526                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::cpu00.dtb.walker        24685                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::cpu00.itb.walker         2614                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total               27299                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu00.data        30658                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l200.UpgradeReq_misses::total            30658                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l200.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu00.data        11389                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l200.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          11389                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::cpu00.data       569268                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::total            569268                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu00.inst        73049                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l200.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          73049                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l200.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu00.data      2251965                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l200.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       2251965                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l200.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu00.data       393839                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l200.InvalidateReq_misses::total        393839                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::cpu00.dtb.walker        24685                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::cpu00.itb.walker         2614                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::cpu00.inst           73049                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::cpu00.data         2821233                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total              2921581                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::cpu00.dtb.walker        24685                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::cpu00.itb.walker         2614                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::cpu00.inst          73049                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::cpu00.data        2821233                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total             2921581                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::cpu00.dtb.walker      2990669                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::cpu00.itb.walker       331566                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total           3322235                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      2236216                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      2236216                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks      6250342                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.WritebackClean_accesses::total      6250342                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu00.data        33607                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          33607                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu00.data        11529                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total        11529                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu00.data      1110492                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total         1110492                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu00.inst      6365164                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total      6365164                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu00.data      9273216                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      9273216                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu00.data       395539                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.InvalidateReq_accesses::total       395539                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::cpu00.dtb.walker      2990669                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::cpu00.itb.walker       331566                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::cpu00.inst       6365164                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::cpu00.data      10383708                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total           20071107                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::cpu00.dtb.walker      2990669                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::cpu00.itb.walker       331566                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::cpu00.inst      6365164                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::cpu00.data     10383708                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total          20071107                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu00.dtb.walker     0.008254                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu00.itb.walker     0.007884                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.008217                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.912250                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l200.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.912250                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l200.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.987857                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l200.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.987857                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.512627                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.512627                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.011476                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l200.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.011476                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l200.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.242846                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l200.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.242846                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l200.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.995702                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l200.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.995702                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::cpu00.dtb.walker     0.008254                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::cpu00.itb.walker     0.007884                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.011476                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.271698                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.145562                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::cpu00.dtb.walker     0.008254                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::cpu00.itb.walker     0.007884                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::cpu00.inst     0.011476                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::cpu00.data     0.271698                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.145562                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks             973959                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                  973959                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.replacements                      3251685                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l201.tags.tagsinuse               13201.312816                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.tags.total_refs                   1055288                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.tags.sampled_refs                  146928                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.tags.avg_refs                    7.182348                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.tags.warmup_cycle            6747123054781500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   1500.243315                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.dtb.walker    77.152845                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.itb.walker    86.874894                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst   4391.759640                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.tags.occ_blocks::cpu01.data   7145.282122                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.091568                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.dtb.walker     0.004709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.itb.walker     0.005302                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.268052                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.tags.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.436113                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.tags.occ_percent::total          0.805744                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          172                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l201.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        13702                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l201.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          172                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l201.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        13702                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l201.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.010498                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l201.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.836304                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l201.tags.tag_accesses                 2290148                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l201.tags.data_accesses                2290148                       # Number of data accesses
system.l201.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::cpu01.dtb.walker        31537                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::cpu01.itb.walker        52075                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                 83612                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       135864                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l201.WritebackDirty_hits::total         135864                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l201.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       226661                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l201.WritebackClean_hits::total         226661                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l201.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu01.data           566                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l201.UpgradeReq_hits::total                566                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l201.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu01.data          224                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l201.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total              224                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::cpu01.data          22183                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total               22183                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu01.inst       194546                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l201.ReadCleanReq_hits::total           194546                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l201.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu01.data       129923                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l201.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          129923                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l201.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu01.data         3832                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l201.InvalidateReq_hits::total            3832                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::cpu01.dtb.walker        31537                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::cpu01.itb.walker        52075                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::cpu01.inst            194546                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::cpu01.data            152106                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                 430264                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::cpu01.dtb.walker        31537                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::cpu01.itb.walker        52075                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::cpu01.inst           194546                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::cpu01.data           152106                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                430264                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::cpu01.dtb.walker          710                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::cpu01.itb.walker          456                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total                1166                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu01.data         4631                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l201.UpgradeReq_misses::total             4631                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l201.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu01.data         6713                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l201.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           6713                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::cpu01.data        17623                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::total             17623                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu01.inst        32643                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l201.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          32643                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l201.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu01.data        73728                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l201.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         73728                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l201.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu01.data        15911                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l201.InvalidateReq_misses::total         15911                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::cpu01.dtb.walker          710                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::cpu01.itb.walker          456                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::cpu01.inst           32643                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::cpu01.data           91351                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total               125160                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::cpu01.dtb.walker          710                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::cpu01.itb.walker          456                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::cpu01.inst          32643                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::cpu01.data          91351                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total              125160                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::cpu01.dtb.walker        32247                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::cpu01.itb.walker        52531                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total             84778                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       135864                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       135864                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       226661                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.WritebackClean_accesses::total       226661                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu01.data         5197                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           5197                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu01.data         6937                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         6937                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu01.data        39806                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total           39806                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu01.inst       227189                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       227189                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu01.data       203651                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       203651                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu01.data        19743                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.InvalidateReq_accesses::total        19743                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::cpu01.dtb.walker        32247                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::cpu01.itb.walker        52531                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::cpu01.inst        227189                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::cpu01.data        243457                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total             555424                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::cpu01.dtb.walker        32247                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::cpu01.itb.walker        52531                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::cpu01.inst       227189                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::cpu01.data       243457                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total            555424                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu01.dtb.walker     0.022018                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu01.itb.walker     0.008681                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.013754                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.891091                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l201.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.891091                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l201.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.967709                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l201.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.967709                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.442722                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.442722                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu01.inst     0.143682                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l201.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.143682                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l201.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.362031                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l201.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.362031                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l201.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.805906                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l201.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.805906                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::cpu01.dtb.walker     0.022018                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::cpu01.itb.walker     0.008681                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::cpu01.inst     0.143682                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.375224                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.225341                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::cpu01.dtb.walker     0.022018                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::cpu01.itb.walker     0.008681                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::cpu01.inst     0.143682                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::cpu01.data     0.375224                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.225341                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks              30548                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                   30548                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.replacements                       108474                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l202.tags.tagsinuse               14497.993895                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.tags.total_refs                  14493748                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.tags.sampled_refs                  564129                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.tags.avg_refs                   25.692258                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.tags.warmup_cycle            6850870800100500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   2061.573229                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.dtb.walker    83.897135                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.itb.walker    63.804126                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   4323.491746                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.tags.occ_blocks::cpu02.data   7965.227659                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.125828                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.dtb.walker     0.005121                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.itb.walker     0.003894                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.263885                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.tags.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.486159                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.tags.occ_percent::total          0.884887                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          159                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l202.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        14258                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l202.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          159                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l202.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        14258                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l202.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.009705                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l202.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.870239                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l202.tags.tag_accesses                29933609                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l202.tags.data_accesses               29933609                       # Number of data accesses
system.l202.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::cpu02.dtb.walker       182767                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::cpu02.itb.walker       544446                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                727213                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       933514                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l202.WritebackDirty_hits::total         933514                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l202.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks      5624898                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l202.WritebackClean_hits::total        5624898                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l202.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu02.data          1868                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l202.UpgradeReq_hits::total               1868                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l202.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu02.data          330                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l202.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total              330                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::cpu02.data         183104                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::total              183104                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu02.inst      5615088                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l202.ReadCleanReq_hits::total          5615088                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l202.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu02.data       654692                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l202.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          654692                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l202.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu02.data        10459                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l202.InvalidateReq_hits::total           10459                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l202.demand_hits::cpu02.dtb.walker       182767                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::cpu02.itb.walker       544446                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::cpu02.inst           5615088                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::cpu02.data            837796                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                7180097                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::cpu02.dtb.walker       182767                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::cpu02.itb.walker       544446                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::cpu02.inst          5615088                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::cpu02.data           837796                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total               7180097                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::cpu02.dtb.walker         2140                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::cpu02.itb.walker          722                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total                2862                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu02.data        21388                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l202.UpgradeReq_misses::total            21388                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l202.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu02.data        13566                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l202.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          13566                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_misses::cpu02.data        29677                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_misses::total             29677                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l202.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu02.inst        61104                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l202.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          61104                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l202.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu02.data       260051                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l202.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        260051                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l202.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu02.data       188789                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l202.InvalidateReq_misses::total        188789                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::cpu02.dtb.walker         2140                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::cpu02.itb.walker          722                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::cpu02.inst           61104                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::cpu02.data          289728                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total               353694                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::cpu02.dtb.walker         2140                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::cpu02.itb.walker          722                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::cpu02.inst          61104                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::cpu02.data         289728                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total              353694                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::cpu02.dtb.walker       184907                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::cpu02.itb.walker       545168                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total            730075                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       933514                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       933514                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks      5624898                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.WritebackClean_accesses::total      5624898                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu02.data        23256                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          23256                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu02.data        13896                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total        13896                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu02.data       212781                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total          212781                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu02.inst      5676192                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total      5676192                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu02.data       914743                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       914743                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu02.data       199248                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.InvalidateReq_accesses::total       199248                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::cpu02.dtb.walker       184907                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::cpu02.itb.walker       545168                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::cpu02.inst       5676192                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::cpu02.data       1127524                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total            7533791                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::cpu02.dtb.walker       184907                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::cpu02.itb.walker       545168                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::cpu02.inst      5676192                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::cpu02.data      1127524                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total           7533791                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu02.dtb.walker     0.011573                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu02.itb.walker     0.001324                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.003920                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.919677                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l202.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.919677                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l202.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.976252                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l202.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.976252                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.139472                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.139472                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu02.inst     0.010765                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l202.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.010765                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l202.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.284289                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l202.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.284289                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l202.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.947508                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l202.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.947508                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::cpu02.dtb.walker     0.011573                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::cpu02.itb.walker     0.001324                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::cpu02.inst     0.010765                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.256959                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.046948                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::cpu02.dtb.walker     0.011573                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::cpu02.itb.walker     0.001324                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::cpu02.inst     0.010765                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::cpu02.data     0.256959                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.046948                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks             341797                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                  341797                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.replacements                       497160                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l203.tags.tagsinuse               14945.761230                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.tags.total_refs                   1380693                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.tags.sampled_refs                  187693                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.tags.avg_refs                    7.356124                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.tags.warmup_cycle            6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   2303.871496                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.dtb.walker    72.954750                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.itb.walker    89.447307                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst   5163.970582                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.tags.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   7315.517095                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.140617                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.dtb.walker     0.004453                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.itb.walker     0.005459                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.315184                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.tags.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.446504                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.tags.occ_percent::total          0.912217                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          173                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l203.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        14809                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l203.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          173                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l203.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        14809                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l203.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.010559                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l203.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.903870                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l203.tags.tag_accesses                 2993919                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l203.tags.data_accesses                2993919                       # Number of data accesses
system.l203.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::cpu03.dtb.walker        39452                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::cpu03.itb.walker        70094                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                109546                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       171307                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l203.WritebackDirty_hits::total         171307                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l203.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       314468                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l203.WritebackClean_hits::total         314468                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l203.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu03.data           617                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l203.UpgradeReq_hits::total                617                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l203.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu03.data          282                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l203.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total              282                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::cpu03.data          29331                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total               29331                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu03.inst       271820                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l203.ReadCleanReq_hits::total           271820                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l203.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu03.data       157806                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l203.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          157806                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l203.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu03.data         4463                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l203.InvalidateReq_hits::total            4463                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::cpu03.dtb.walker        39452                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::cpu03.itb.walker        70094                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::cpu03.inst            271820                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::cpu03.data            187137                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                 568503                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::cpu03.dtb.walker        39452                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::cpu03.itb.walker        70094                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::cpu03.inst           271820                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::cpu03.data           187137                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                568503                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::cpu03.dtb.walker          788                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::cpu03.itb.walker          547                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total                1335                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu03.data         6054                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l203.UpgradeReq_misses::total             6054                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l203.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu03.data         7523                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l203.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           7523                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_misses::cpu03.data        23249                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_misses::total             23249                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l203.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu03.inst        43173                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l203.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          43173                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l203.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu03.data        90759                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l203.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         90759                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l203.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu03.data        21480                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l203.InvalidateReq_misses::total         21480                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::cpu03.dtb.walker          788                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::cpu03.itb.walker          547                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::cpu03.inst           43173                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::cpu03.data          114008                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total               158516                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::cpu03.dtb.walker          788                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::cpu03.itb.walker          547                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::cpu03.inst          43173                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::cpu03.data         114008                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total              158516                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::cpu03.dtb.walker        40240                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::cpu03.itb.walker        70641                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total            110881                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       171307                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       171307                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       314468                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.WritebackClean_accesses::total       314468                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu03.data         6671                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           6671                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu03.data         7805                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         7805                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu03.data        52580                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total           52580                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu03.inst       314993                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       314993                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu03.data       248565                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       248565                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu03.data        25943                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.InvalidateReq_accesses::total        25943                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::cpu03.dtb.walker        40240                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::cpu03.itb.walker        70641                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::cpu03.inst        314993                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::cpu03.data        301145                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total             727019                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::cpu03.dtb.walker        40240                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::cpu03.itb.walker        70641                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::cpu03.inst       314993                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::cpu03.data       301145                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total            727019                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu03.dtb.walker     0.019583                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu03.itb.walker     0.007743                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.012040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.907510                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l203.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.907510                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l203.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.963869                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l203.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.963869                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.442164                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.442164                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu03.inst     0.137060                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l203.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.137060                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l203.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.365132                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l203.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.365132                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l203.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.827969                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l203.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.827969                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::cpu03.dtb.walker     0.019583                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::cpu03.itb.walker     0.007743                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::cpu03.inst     0.137060                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.378582                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.218036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::cpu03.dtb.walker     0.019583                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::cpu03.itb.walker     0.007743                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::cpu03.inst     0.137060                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::cpu03.data     0.378582                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.218036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks              41612                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                   41612                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.replacements                       147730                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l204.tags.tagsinuse               12534.378470                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.tags.total_refs                   7966691                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.tags.sampled_refs                  253763                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.tags.avg_refs                   31.394218                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.tags.warmup_cycle            6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   1016.186514                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.dtb.walker    79.675030                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.itb.walker    84.151182                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst   5657.013410                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.tags.occ_blocks::cpu04.data   5697.352334                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.062023                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.dtb.walker     0.004863                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.itb.walker     0.005136                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.345277                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.tags.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.347739                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.tags.occ_percent::total          0.765038                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          149                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l204.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        13064                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l204.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          149                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l204.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        13064                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l204.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.009094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l204.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.797363                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l204.tags.tag_accesses                16212019                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l204.tags.data_accesses               16212019                       # Number of data accesses
system.l204.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::cpu04.dtb.walker       437880                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::cpu04.itb.walker       787316                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total               1225196                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       365442                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l204.WritebackDirty_hits::total         365442                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l204.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks      2480661                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l204.WritebackClean_hits::total        2480661                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l204.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu04.data            13                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l204.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 13                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l204.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu04.data           12                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l204.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total               12                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::cpu04.data         123195                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total              123195                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu04.inst      2429925                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l204.ReadCleanReq_hits::total          2429925                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l204.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu04.data       598710                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l204.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          598710                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l204.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu04.data        52964                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l204.InvalidateReq_hits::total           52964                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::cpu04.dtb.walker       437880                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::cpu04.itb.walker       787316                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::cpu04.inst           2429925                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::cpu04.data            721905                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                4377026                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::cpu04.dtb.walker       437880                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::cpu04.itb.walker       787316                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::cpu04.inst          2429925                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::cpu04.data           721905                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total               4377026                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::cpu04.dtb.walker         1309                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::cpu04.itb.walker          358                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total                1667                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu04.data        20470                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l204.UpgradeReq_misses::total            20470                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l204.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu04.data        22423                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l204.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          22423                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_misses::cpu04.data        12515                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_misses::total             12515                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l204.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu04.inst        51250                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l204.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          51250                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l204.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu04.data        99264                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l204.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         99264                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l204.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu04.data         2737                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l204.InvalidateReq_misses::total          2737                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::cpu04.dtb.walker         1309                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::cpu04.itb.walker          358                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::cpu04.inst           51250                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::cpu04.data          111779                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total               164696                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::cpu04.dtb.walker         1309                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::cpu04.itb.walker          358                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::cpu04.inst          51250                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::cpu04.data         111779                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total              164696                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::cpu04.dtb.walker       439189                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::cpu04.itb.walker       787674                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total           1226863                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       365442                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       365442                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks      2480661                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.WritebackClean_accesses::total      2480661                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu04.data        20483                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          20483                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu04.data        22435                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total        22435                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu04.data       135710                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total          135710                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu04.inst      2481175                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total      2481175                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu04.data       697974                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       697974                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu04.data        55701                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.InvalidateReq_accesses::total        55701                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::cpu04.dtb.walker       439189                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::cpu04.itb.walker       787674                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::cpu04.inst       2481175                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::cpu04.data        833684                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total            4541722                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::cpu04.dtb.walker       439189                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::cpu04.itb.walker       787674                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::cpu04.inst      2481175                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::cpu04.data       833684                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total           4541722                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu04.dtb.walker     0.002980                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu04.itb.walker     0.000455                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.001359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.999365                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l204.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.999365                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l204.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.999465                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l204.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.999465                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.092219                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.092219                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu04.inst     0.020656                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l204.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.020656                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l204.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.142217                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l204.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.142217                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l204.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.049137                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l204.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.049137                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::cpu04.dtb.walker     0.002980                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::cpu04.itb.walker     0.000455                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::cpu04.inst     0.020656                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.134078                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.036263                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::cpu04.dtb.walker     0.002980                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::cpu04.itb.walker     0.000455                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::cpu04.inst     0.020656                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::cpu04.data     0.134078                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.036263                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks              17429                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                   17429                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.replacements                       130116                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l205.tags.tagsinuse               12263.144293                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.tags.total_refs                    248539                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.tags.sampled_refs                   42127                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.tags.avg_refs                    5.899756                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.tags.warmup_cycle            6850884330990000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   1553.726901                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.tags.occ_blocks::cpu05.dtb.walker    53.957870                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.tags.occ_blocks::cpu05.itb.walker    66.529125                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.tags.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   4769.610740                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.tags.occ_blocks::cpu05.data   5819.319656                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.094832                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.tags.occ_percent::cpu05.dtb.walker     0.003293                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.tags.occ_percent::cpu05.itb.walker     0.004061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.tags.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.291114                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.tags.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.355183                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.tags.occ_percent::total          0.748483                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          119                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l205.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        13036                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l205.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          119                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l205.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        13036                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l205.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.007263                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l205.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.795654                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l205.tags.tag_accesses                  544855                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l205.tags.data_accesses                 544855                       # Number of data accesses
system.l205.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::cpu05.dtb.walker         2859                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::cpu05.itb.walker        12512                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                 15371                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        31304                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l205.WritebackDirty_hits::total          31304                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l205.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks        58463                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l205.WritebackClean_hits::total          58463                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l205.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu05.data            25                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l205.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 25                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l205.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu05.data           96                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l205.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total               96                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::cpu05.data           4921                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total                4921                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu05.inst        47062                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l205.ReadCleanReq_hits::total            47062                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l205.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu05.data        24199                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l205.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           24199                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l205.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu05.data         1256                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l205.InvalidateReq_hits::total            1256                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::cpu05.dtb.walker         2859                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::cpu05.itb.walker        12512                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::cpu05.inst             47062                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::cpu05.data             29120                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                  91553                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::cpu05.dtb.walker         2859                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::cpu05.itb.walker        12512                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::cpu05.inst            47062                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::cpu05.data            29120                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                 91553                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::cpu05.dtb.walker          189                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::cpu05.itb.walker          179                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total                 368                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu05.data         2175                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l205.UpgradeReq_misses::total             2175                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l205.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu05.data         2303                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l205.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           2303                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_misses::cpu05.data         5826                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_misses::total              5826                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l205.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu05.inst        11917                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l205.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          11917                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l205.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu05.data        19513                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l205.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         19513                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l205.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu05.data         2633                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l205.InvalidateReq_misses::total          2633                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::cpu05.dtb.walker          189                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::cpu05.itb.walker          179                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::cpu05.inst           11917                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::cpu05.data           25339                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                37624                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::cpu05.dtb.walker          189                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::cpu05.itb.walker          179                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::cpu05.inst          11917                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::cpu05.data          25339                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total               37624                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::cpu05.dtb.walker         3048                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::cpu05.itb.walker        12691                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total             15739                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        31304                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        31304                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks        58463                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.WritebackClean_accesses::total        58463                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu05.data         2200                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           2200                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu05.data         2399                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         2399                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu05.data        10747                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total           10747                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu05.inst        58979                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        58979                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu05.data        43712                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        43712                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu05.data         3889                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.InvalidateReq_accesses::total         3889                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::cpu05.dtb.walker         3048                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::cpu05.itb.walker        12691                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::cpu05.inst         58979                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::cpu05.data         54459                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total             129177                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::cpu05.dtb.walker         3048                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::cpu05.itb.walker        12691                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::cpu05.inst        58979                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::cpu05.data        54459                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total            129177                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu05.dtb.walker     0.062008                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu05.itb.walker     0.014104                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.023381                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.988636                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l205.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.988636                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l205.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.959983                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l205.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.959983                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.542105                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.542105                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu05.inst     0.202055                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l205.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.202055                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l205.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.446399                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l205.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.446399                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l205.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.677038                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l205.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.677038                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::cpu05.dtb.walker     0.062008                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::cpu05.itb.walker     0.014104                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::cpu05.inst     0.202055                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.465286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.291259                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::cpu05.dtb.walker     0.062008                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::cpu05.itb.walker     0.014104                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::cpu05.inst     0.202055                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::cpu05.data     0.465286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.291259                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks               4313                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                    4313                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.replacements                        19868                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l206.tags.tagsinuse               13019.035258                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.tags.total_refs                    681645                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.tags.sampled_refs                  101141                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.tags.avg_refs                    6.739552                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.tags.warmup_cycle            6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   1459.280568                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.dtb.walker    60.586272                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.itb.walker    83.123390                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst   4336.458408                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.tags.occ_blocks::cpu06.data   7079.586620                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.089067                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.dtb.walker     0.003698                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.itb.walker     0.005073                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.264676                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.tags.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.432104                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.tags.occ_percent::total          0.794619                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          144                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l206.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        13431                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l206.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          144                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l206.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        13431                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l206.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.008789                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l206.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.819763                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l206.tags.tag_accesses                 1483823                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l206.tags.data_accesses                1483823                       # Number of data accesses
system.l206.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::cpu06.dtb.walker        19032                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::cpu06.itb.walker        34462                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                 53494                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        90446                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l206.WritebackDirty_hits::total          90446                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l206.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       140237                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l206.WritebackClean_hits::total         140237                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l206.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu06.data           982                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l206.UpgradeReq_hits::total                982                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l206.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu06.data          215                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l206.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total              215                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::cpu06.data          16351                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::total               16351                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu06.inst       118353                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l206.ReadCleanReq_hits::total           118353                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l206.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu06.data        82792                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l206.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           82792                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l206.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu06.data         3557                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l206.InvalidateReq_hits::total            3557                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l206.demand_hits::cpu06.dtb.walker        19032                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::cpu06.itb.walker        34462                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::cpu06.inst            118353                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::cpu06.data             99143                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                 270990                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::cpu06.dtb.walker        19032                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::cpu06.itb.walker        34462                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::cpu06.inst           118353                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::cpu06.data            99143                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                270990                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::cpu06.dtb.walker          446                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::cpu06.itb.walker          306                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total                 752                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu06.data         2869                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l206.UpgradeReq_misses::total             2869                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l206.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu06.data         5429                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l206.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           5429                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::cpu06.data        11225                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::total             11225                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu06.inst        22408                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l206.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          22408                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l206.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu06.data        51758                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l206.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         51758                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l206.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu06.data         9197                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l206.InvalidateReq_misses::total          9197                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::cpu06.dtb.walker          446                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::cpu06.itb.walker          306                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::cpu06.inst           22408                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::cpu06.data           62983                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                86143                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::cpu06.dtb.walker          446                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::cpu06.itb.walker          306                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::cpu06.inst          22408                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::cpu06.data          62983                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total               86143                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::cpu06.dtb.walker        19478                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::cpu06.itb.walker        34768                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total             54246                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        90446                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        90446                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       140237                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.WritebackClean_accesses::total       140237                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu06.data         3851                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           3851                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu06.data         5644                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         5644                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu06.data        27576                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total           27576                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu06.inst       140761                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       140761                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu06.data       134550                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       134550                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu06.data        12754                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.InvalidateReq_accesses::total        12754                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::cpu06.dtb.walker        19478                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::cpu06.itb.walker        34768                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::cpu06.inst        140761                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::cpu06.data        162126                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total             357133                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::cpu06.dtb.walker        19478                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::cpu06.itb.walker        34768                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::cpu06.inst       140761                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::cpu06.data       162126                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total            357133                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu06.dtb.walker     0.022898                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu06.itb.walker     0.008801                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.013863                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.745001                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l206.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.745001                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l206.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.961906                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l206.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.961906                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.407057                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.407057                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu06.inst     0.159192                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l206.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.159192                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l206.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.384675                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l206.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.384675                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l206.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.721107                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l206.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.721107                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::cpu06.dtb.walker     0.022898                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::cpu06.itb.walker     0.008801                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::cpu06.inst     0.159192                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.388482                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.241207                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::cpu06.dtb.walker     0.022898                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::cpu06.itb.walker     0.008801                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::cpu06.inst     0.159192                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::cpu06.data     0.388482                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.241207                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks              19157                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                   19157                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.replacements                        70413                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l207.tags.tagsinuse               14056.371639                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.tags.total_refs                   1030902                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.tags.sampled_refs                  110519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.tags.avg_refs                    9.327826                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.tags.warmup_cycle            6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   2117.826819                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.dtb.walker   108.065254                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.itb.walker    70.224431                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst   4450.883611                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.tags.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   7309.371524                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.129262                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.dtb.walker     0.006596                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.itb.walker     0.004286                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.271660                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.tags.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.446129                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.tags.occ_percent::total          0.857933                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          193                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l207.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        14466                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l207.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          193                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l207.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        14466                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l207.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.011780                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l207.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.882935                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l207.tags.tag_accesses                 2191113                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l207.tags.data_accesses                2191113                       # Number of data accesses
system.l207.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::cpu07.dtb.walker        19191                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::cpu07.itb.walker        50712                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                 69903                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        98732                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l207.WritebackDirty_hits::total          98732                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l207.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       264807                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l207.WritebackClean_hits::total         264807                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l207.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu07.data           981                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l207.UpgradeReq_hits::total                981                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l207.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu07.data          179                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l207.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total              179                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::cpu07.data          18387                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total               18387                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu07.inst       244499                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l207.ReadCleanReq_hits::total           244499                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l207.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu07.data       112345                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l207.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          112345                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l207.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu07.data         3495                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l207.InvalidateReq_hits::total            3495                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::cpu07.dtb.walker        19191                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::cpu07.itb.walker        50712                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::cpu07.inst            244499                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::cpu07.data            130732                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                 445134                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::cpu07.dtb.walker        19191                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::cpu07.itb.walker        50712                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::cpu07.inst           244499                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::cpu07.data           130732                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                445134                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::cpu07.dtb.walker          495                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::cpu07.itb.walker          297                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total                 792                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu07.data        10224                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l207.UpgradeReq_misses::total            10224                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l207.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu07.data         6184                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l207.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           6184                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_misses::cpu07.data        10371                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_misses::total             10371                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l207.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu07.inst        20835                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l207.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          20835                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l207.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu07.data        64466                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l207.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         64466                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l207.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu07.data         8867                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l207.InvalidateReq_misses::total          8867                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::cpu07.dtb.walker          495                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::cpu07.itb.walker          297                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::cpu07.inst           20835                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::cpu07.data           74837                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                96464                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::cpu07.dtb.walker          495                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::cpu07.itb.walker          297                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::cpu07.inst          20835                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::cpu07.data          74837                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total               96464                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::cpu07.dtb.walker        19686                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::cpu07.itb.walker        51009                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total             70695                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        98732                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        98732                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       264807                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.WritebackClean_accesses::total       264807                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu07.data        11205                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          11205                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu07.data         6363                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         6363                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu07.data        28758                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total           28758                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu07.inst       265334                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       265334                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu07.data       176811                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       176811                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu07.data        12362                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.InvalidateReq_accesses::total        12362                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::cpu07.dtb.walker        19686                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::cpu07.itb.walker        51009                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::cpu07.inst        265334                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::cpu07.data        205569                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total             541598                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::cpu07.dtb.walker        19686                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::cpu07.itb.walker        51009                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::cpu07.inst       265334                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::cpu07.data       205569                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total            541598                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu07.dtb.walker     0.025145                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu07.itb.walker     0.005823                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.011203                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.912450                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l207.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.912450                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l207.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.971869                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l207.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.971869                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.360630                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.360630                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu07.inst     0.078524                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l207.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.078524                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l207.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.364604                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l207.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.364604                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l207.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.717279                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l207.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.717279                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::cpu07.dtb.walker     0.025145                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::cpu07.itb.walker     0.005823                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::cpu07.inst     0.078524                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.364048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.178110                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::cpu07.dtb.walker     0.025145                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::cpu07.itb.walker     0.005823                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::cpu07.inst     0.078524                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::cpu07.data     0.364048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.178110                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks              16018                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                   16018                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.replacements                        65083                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l208.tags.tagsinuse               13848.948062                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.tags.total_refs                  53591429                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.tags.sampled_refs                 4301947                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.tags.avg_refs                   12.457482                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.tags.warmup_cycle            6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   1547.079391                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.dtb.walker   149.420296                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.itb.walker   112.871732                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst   4912.756457                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.tags.occ_blocks::cpu08.data   7126.820185                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.094426                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.dtb.walker     0.009120                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.itb.walker     0.006889                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.299851                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.tags.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.434987                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.tags.occ_percent::total          0.845273                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          296                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l208.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        14688                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l208.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l208.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          295                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l208.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           93                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l208.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           75                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l208.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        14520                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l208.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.018066                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l208.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.896484                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l208.tags.tag_accesses               111981883                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l208.tags.data_accesses              111981883                       # Number of data accesses
system.l208.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::cpu08.dtb.walker      9195562                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::cpu08.itb.walker      3659185                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total              12854747                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      2512763                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l208.WritebackDirty_hits::total        2512763                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l208.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks     11729055                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l208.WritebackClean_hits::total       11729055                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l208.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu08.data          2985                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l208.UpgradeReq_hits::total               2985                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l208.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu08.data          190                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l208.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total              190                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::cpu08.data         642998                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total              642998                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu08.inst     11513725                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l208.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         11513725                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l208.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu08.data      4106159                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l208.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         4106159                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l208.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu08.data       193121                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l208.InvalidateReq_hits::total          193121                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::cpu08.dtb.walker      9195562                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::cpu08.itb.walker      3659185                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::cpu08.inst          11513725                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::cpu08.data           4749157                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total               29117629                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::cpu08.dtb.walker      9195562                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::cpu08.itb.walker      3659185                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::cpu08.inst         11513725                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::cpu08.data          4749157                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total              29117629                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::cpu08.dtb.walker        66425                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::cpu08.itb.walker         2120                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total               68545                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu08.data        90914                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l208.UpgradeReq_misses::total            90914                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l208.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu08.data       103895                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l208.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         103895                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::cpu08.data       410245                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::total            410245                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu08.inst       215853                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l208.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         215853                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l208.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu08.data      3160863                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l208.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       3160863                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l208.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu08.data       177775                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l208.InvalidateReq_misses::total        177775                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::cpu08.dtb.walker        66425                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::cpu08.itb.walker         2120                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::cpu08.inst          215853                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::cpu08.data         3571108                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total              3855506                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::cpu08.dtb.walker        66425                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::cpu08.itb.walker         2120                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::cpu08.inst         215853                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::cpu08.data        3571108                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total             3855506                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::cpu08.dtb.walker      9261987                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::cpu08.itb.walker      3661305                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total          12923292                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      2512763                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      2512763                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks     11729055                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.WritebackClean_accesses::total     11729055                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu08.data        93899                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          93899                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu08.data       104085                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total       104085                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu08.data      1053243                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total         1053243                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu08.inst     11729578                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total     11729578                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu08.data      7267022                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      7267022                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu08.data       370896                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.InvalidateReq_accesses::total       370896                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::cpu08.dtb.walker      9261987                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::cpu08.itb.walker      3661305                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::cpu08.inst      11729578                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::cpu08.data       8320265                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total           32973135                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::cpu08.dtb.walker      9261987                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::cpu08.itb.walker      3661305                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::cpu08.inst     11729578                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::cpu08.data      8320265                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total          32973135                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu08.dtb.walker     0.007172                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu08.itb.walker     0.000579                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.005304                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.968211                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l208.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.968211                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l208.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.998175                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l208.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.998175                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.389507                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.389507                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu08.inst     0.018402                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l208.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.018402                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l208.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.434960                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l208.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.434960                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l208.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.479312                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l208.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.479312                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::cpu08.dtb.walker     0.007172                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::cpu08.itb.walker     0.000579                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::cpu08.inst     0.018402                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.429206                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.116929                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::cpu08.dtb.walker     0.007172                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::cpu08.itb.walker     0.000579                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::cpu08.inst     0.018402                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::cpu08.data     0.429206                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.116929                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks             673953                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                  673953                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.replacements                      3835347                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l209.tags.tagsinuse               12621.799549                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.tags.total_refs                    662633                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.tags.sampled_refs                   73553                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.tags.avg_refs                    9.008919                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.tags.warmup_cycle            6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   1217.711724                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.dtb.walker    60.393932                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.itb.walker    79.578924                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst   4743.115514                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.tags.occ_blocks::cpu09.data   6520.999455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.074323                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.dtb.walker     0.003686                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.itb.walker     0.004857                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.289497                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.tags.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.398010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.tags.occ_percent::total          0.770374                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          144                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l209.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        13556                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l209.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          144                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l209.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        13556                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l209.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.008789                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l209.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.827393                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l209.tags.tag_accesses                 1408939                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l209.tags.data_accesses                1408939                       # Number of data accesses
system.l209.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::cpu09.dtb.walker        19634                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::cpu09.itb.walker        30929                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                 50563                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        69548                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l209.WritebackDirty_hits::total          69548                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l209.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       173871                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l209.WritebackClean_hits::total         173871                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l209.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu09.data            34                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l209.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 34                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l209.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu09.data          104                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l209.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total              104                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::cpu09.data          12111                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total               12111                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu09.inst       154180                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l209.ReadCleanReq_hits::total           154180                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l209.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu09.data        70487                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l209.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           70487                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l209.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu09.data          932                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l209.InvalidateReq_hits::total             932                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::cpu09.dtb.walker        19634                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::cpu09.itb.walker        30929                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::cpu09.inst            154180                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::cpu09.data             82598                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                 287341                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::cpu09.dtb.walker        19634                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::cpu09.itb.walker        30929                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::cpu09.inst           154180                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::cpu09.data            82598                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                287341                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::cpu09.dtb.walker          338                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::cpu09.itb.walker          241                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total                 579                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu09.data         2233                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l209.UpgradeReq_misses::total             2233                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l209.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu09.data         2394                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l209.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           2394                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::cpu09.data        11074                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::total             11074                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu09.inst        20204                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l209.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          20204                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l209.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu09.data        34113                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l209.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         34113                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l209.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu09.data         4418                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l209.InvalidateReq_misses::total          4418                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::cpu09.dtb.walker          338                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::cpu09.itb.walker          241                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::cpu09.inst           20204                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::cpu09.data           45187                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                65970                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::cpu09.dtb.walker          338                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::cpu09.itb.walker          241                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::cpu09.inst          20204                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::cpu09.data          45187                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total               65970                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::cpu09.dtb.walker        19972                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::cpu09.itb.walker        31170                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total             51142                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        69548                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        69548                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       173871                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.WritebackClean_accesses::total       173871                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu09.data         2267                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           2267                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu09.data         2498                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         2498                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu09.data        23185                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total           23185                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu09.inst       174384                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       174384                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu09.data       104600                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       104600                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu09.data         5350                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.InvalidateReq_accesses::total         5350                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::cpu09.dtb.walker        19972                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::cpu09.itb.walker        31170                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::cpu09.inst        174384                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::cpu09.data        127785                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total             353311                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::cpu09.dtb.walker        19972                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::cpu09.itb.walker        31170                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::cpu09.inst       174384                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::cpu09.data       127785                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total            353311                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu09.dtb.walker     0.016924                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu09.itb.walker     0.007732                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.011321                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.985002                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l209.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.985002                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l209.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.958367                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l209.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.958367                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.477636                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.477636                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu09.inst     0.115859                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l209.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.115859                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l209.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.326128                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l209.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.326128                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l209.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.825794                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l209.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.825794                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::cpu09.dtb.walker     0.016924                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::cpu09.itb.walker     0.007732                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::cpu09.inst     0.115859                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.353617                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.186719                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::cpu09.dtb.walker     0.016924                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::cpu09.itb.walker     0.007732                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::cpu09.inst     0.115859                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::cpu09.data     0.353617                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.186719                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks              10357                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                   10357                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.replacements                        48396                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l210.tags.tagsinuse                9474.173974                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.tags.total_refs                    144604                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.tags.sampled_refs                   22275                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.tags.avg_refs                    6.491762                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.tags.warmup_cycle            10891359141322500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   1272.401306                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.tags.occ_blocks::cpu10.dtb.walker    42.110620                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.tags.occ_blocks::cpu10.itb.walker    50.367608                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.tags.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst   3768.487424                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.tags.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   4340.807015                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.077661                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.tags.occ_percent::cpu10.dtb.walker     0.002570                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.tags.occ_percent::cpu10.itb.walker     0.003074                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.tags.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.230010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.tags.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.264942                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.tags.occ_percent::total          0.578258                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          112                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l210.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        11362                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l210.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          112                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l210.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        11362                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l210.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.006836                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l210.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.693481                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l210.tags.tag_accesses                  315703                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l210.tags.data_accesses                 315703                       # Number of data accesses
system.l210.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::cpu10.dtb.walker         2514                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::cpu10.itb.walker         7956                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                 10470                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        16341                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l210.WritebackDirty_hits::total          16341                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l210.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks        37753                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l210.WritebackClean_hits::total          37753                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l210.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu10.data           458                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l210.UpgradeReq_hits::total                458                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l210.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu10.data           41                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l210.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total               41                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::cpu10.data           2098                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total                2098                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu10.inst        30303                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l210.ReadCleanReq_hits::total            30303                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l210.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu10.data        13698                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l210.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           13698                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l210.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu10.data          184                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l210.InvalidateReq_hits::total             184                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::cpu10.dtb.walker         2514                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::cpu10.itb.walker         7956                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::cpu10.inst             30303                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::cpu10.data             15796                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                  56569                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::cpu10.dtb.walker         2514                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::cpu10.itb.walker         7956                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::cpu10.inst            30303                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::cpu10.data            15796                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                 56569                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::cpu10.dtb.walker          117                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::cpu10.itb.walker           90                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total                 207                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu10.data          718                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l210.UpgradeReq_misses::total              718                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l210.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu10.data          672                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l210.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total            672                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_misses::cpu10.data         2179                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_misses::total              2179                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l210.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu10.inst         7963                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l210.ReadCleanReq_misses::total           7963                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l210.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu10.data         9420                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l210.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          9420                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l210.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu10.data         2003                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l210.InvalidateReq_misses::total          2003                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::cpu10.dtb.walker          117                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::cpu10.itb.walker           90                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::cpu10.inst            7963                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::cpu10.data           11599                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                19769                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::cpu10.dtb.walker          117                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::cpu10.itb.walker           90                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::cpu10.inst           7963                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::cpu10.data          11599                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total               19769                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::cpu10.dtb.walker         2631                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::cpu10.itb.walker         8046                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total             10677                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        16341                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        16341                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks        37753                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.WritebackClean_accesses::total        37753                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu10.data         1176                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           1176                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu10.data          713                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          713                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu10.data         4277                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total            4277                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu10.inst        38266                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        38266                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu10.data        23118                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        23118                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu10.data         2187                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.InvalidateReq_accesses::total         2187                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::cpu10.dtb.walker         2631                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::cpu10.itb.walker         8046                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::cpu10.inst         38266                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::cpu10.data         27395                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total              76338                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::cpu10.dtb.walker         2631                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::cpu10.itb.walker         8046                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::cpu10.inst        38266                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::cpu10.data        27395                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total             76338                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu10.dtb.walker     0.044470                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu10.itb.walker     0.011186                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.019387                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.610544                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l210.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.610544                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l210.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.942496                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l210.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.942496                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.509469                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.509469                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu10.inst     0.208096                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l210.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.208096                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l210.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.407475                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l210.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.407475                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l210.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.915866                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l210.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.915866                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::cpu10.dtb.walker     0.044470                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::cpu10.itb.walker     0.011186                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::cpu10.inst     0.208096                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.423398                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.258967                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::cpu10.dtb.walker     0.044470                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::cpu10.itb.walker     0.011186                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::cpu10.inst     0.208096                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::cpu10.data     0.423398                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.258967                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks               2440                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                    2440                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.replacements                         8753                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l211.tags.tagsinuse               13627.631898                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.tags.total_refs                    639559                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.tags.sampled_refs                   94703                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.tags.avg_refs                    6.753313                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.tags.warmup_cycle            6850880981783500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   2319.029664                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.dtb.walker    56.070182                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.itb.walker    63.818613                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   4330.605081                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.tags.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   6858.108357                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.141542                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.dtb.walker     0.003422                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.itb.walker     0.003895                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.264319                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.tags.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.418586                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.tags.occ_percent::total          0.831765                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          126                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l211.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        14309                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l211.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          126                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l211.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        14309                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l211.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.007690                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l211.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.873352                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l211.tags.tag_accesses                 1394199                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l211.tags.data_accesses                1394199                       # Number of data accesses
system.l211.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::cpu11.dtb.walker        18722                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::cpu11.itb.walker        31678                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                 50400                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        86209                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l211.WritebackDirty_hits::total          86209                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l211.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       132393                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l211.WritebackClean_hits::total         132393                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l211.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu11.data          1302                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l211.UpgradeReq_hits::total               1302                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l211.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu11.data          179                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l211.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total              179                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::cpu11.data          14397                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::total               14397                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu11.inst       111940                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l211.ReadCleanReq_hits::total           111940                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l211.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu11.data        77501                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l211.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           77501                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l211.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu11.data         2745                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l211.InvalidateReq_hits::total            2745                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l211.demand_hits::cpu11.dtb.walker        18722                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::cpu11.itb.walker        31678                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::cpu11.inst            111940                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::cpu11.data             91898                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                 254238                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::cpu11.dtb.walker        18722                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::cpu11.itb.walker        31678                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::cpu11.inst           111940                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::cpu11.data            91898                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                254238                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::cpu11.dtb.walker          393                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::cpu11.itb.walker          274                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total                 667                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu11.data         2982                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l211.UpgradeReq_misses::total             2982                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l211.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu11.data         4785                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l211.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           4785                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::cpu11.data         9930                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::total              9930                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu11.inst        20975                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l211.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          20975                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l211.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu11.data        48934                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l211.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         48934                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l211.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu11.data        10150                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l211.InvalidateReq_misses::total         10150                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::cpu11.dtb.walker          393                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::cpu11.itb.walker          274                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::cpu11.inst           20975                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::cpu11.data           58864                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                80506                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::cpu11.dtb.walker          393                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::cpu11.itb.walker          274                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::cpu11.inst          20975                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::cpu11.data          58864                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total               80506                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::cpu11.dtb.walker        19115                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::cpu11.itb.walker        31952                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total             51067                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        86209                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        86209                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       132393                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.WritebackClean_accesses::total       132393                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu11.data         4284                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           4284                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu11.data         4964                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         4964                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu11.data        24327                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total           24327                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu11.inst       132915                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       132915                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu11.data       126435                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       126435                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu11.data        12895                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.InvalidateReq_accesses::total        12895                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::cpu11.dtb.walker        19115                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::cpu11.itb.walker        31952                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::cpu11.inst        132915                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::cpu11.data        150762                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total             334744                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::cpu11.dtb.walker        19115                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::cpu11.itb.walker        31952                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::cpu11.inst       132915                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::cpu11.data       150762                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total            334744                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu11.dtb.walker     0.020560                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu11.itb.walker     0.008575                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.013061                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.696078                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l211.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.696078                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l211.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.963940                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l211.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.963940                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.408188                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.408188                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu11.inst     0.157808                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l211.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.157808                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l211.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.387029                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l211.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.387029                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l211.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.787127                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l211.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.787127                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::cpu11.dtb.walker     0.020560                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::cpu11.itb.walker     0.008575                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::cpu11.inst     0.157808                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.390443                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.240500                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::cpu11.dtb.walker     0.020560                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::cpu11.itb.walker     0.008575                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::cpu11.inst     0.157808                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::cpu11.data     0.390443                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.240500                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks              17585                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                   17585                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.replacements                        65534                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l212.tags.tagsinuse               13005.178418                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.tags.total_refs                    700152                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.tags.sampled_refs                   96764                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.tags.avg_refs                    7.235666                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.tags.warmup_cycle            6850881589071500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   1451.211980                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.dtb.walker    69.818154                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.itb.walker    82.563619                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst   4423.416077                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.tags.occ_blocks::cpu12.data   6978.168589                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.088575                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.dtb.walker     0.004261                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.itb.walker     0.005039                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.269984                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.tags.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.425914                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.tags.occ_percent::total          0.793773                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          158                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l212.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        13502                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l212.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          158                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l212.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        13502                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l212.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.009644                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l212.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.824097                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l212.tags.tag_accesses                 1517950                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l212.tags.data_accesses                1517950                       # Number of data accesses
system.l212.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::cpu12.dtb.walker        19451                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::cpu12.itb.walker        32983                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                 52434                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        97107                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l212.WritebackDirty_hits::total          97107                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l212.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       141528                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l212.WritebackClean_hits::total         141528                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l212.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu12.data          1279                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l212.UpgradeReq_hits::total               1279                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l212.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu12.data          197                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l212.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total              197                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::cpu12.data          16549                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total               16549                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu12.inst       120571                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l212.ReadCleanReq_hits::total           120571                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l212.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu12.data        94183                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l212.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           94183                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l212.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu12.data         3612                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l212.InvalidateReq_hits::total            3612                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::cpu12.dtb.walker        19451                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::cpu12.itb.walker        32983                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::cpu12.inst            120571                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::cpu12.data            110732                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                 283737                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::cpu12.dtb.walker        19451                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::cpu12.itb.walker        32983                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::cpu12.inst           120571                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::cpu12.data           110732                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                283737                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::cpu12.dtb.walker          394                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::cpu12.itb.walker          290                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total                 684                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu12.data         2951                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l212.UpgradeReq_misses::total             2951                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l212.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu12.data         5161                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l212.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           5161                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::cpu12.data         9687                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::total              9687                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu12.inst        21489                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l212.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          21489                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l212.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu12.data        49608                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l212.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         49608                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l212.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu12.data         9971                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l212.InvalidateReq_misses::total          9971                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::cpu12.dtb.walker          394                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::cpu12.itb.walker          290                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::cpu12.inst           21489                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::cpu12.data           59295                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                81468                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::cpu12.dtb.walker          394                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::cpu12.itb.walker          290                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::cpu12.inst          21489                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::cpu12.data          59295                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total               81468                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::cpu12.dtb.walker        19845                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::cpu12.itb.walker        33273                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total             53118                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        97107                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        97107                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       141528                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.WritebackClean_accesses::total       141528                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu12.data         4230                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           4230                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu12.data         5358                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         5358                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu12.data        26236                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total           26236                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu12.inst       142060                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       142060                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu12.data       143791                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       143791                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu12.data        13583                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.InvalidateReq_accesses::total        13583                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::cpu12.dtb.walker        19845                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::cpu12.itb.walker        33273                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::cpu12.inst        142060                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::cpu12.data        170027                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total             365205                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::cpu12.dtb.walker        19845                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::cpu12.itb.walker        33273                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::cpu12.inst       142060                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::cpu12.data       170027                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total            365205                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu12.dtb.walker     0.019854                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu12.itb.walker     0.008716                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.012877                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.697636                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l212.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.697636                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l212.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.963233                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l212.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.963233                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.369225                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.369225                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu12.inst     0.151267                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l212.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.151267                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l212.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.345001                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l212.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.345001                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l212.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.734079                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l212.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.734079                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::cpu12.dtb.walker     0.019854                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::cpu12.itb.walker     0.008716                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::cpu12.inst     0.151267                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.348739                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.223075                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::cpu12.dtb.walker     0.019854                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::cpu12.itb.walker     0.008716                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::cpu12.inst     0.151267                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::cpu12.data     0.348739                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.223075                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks              19745                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                   19745                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.replacements                        68718                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l213.tags.tagsinuse               13416.140333                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.tags.total_refs                  17319427                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.tags.sampled_refs                  464986                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.tags.avg_refs                   37.247201                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.tags.warmup_cycle            6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    878.162220                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.dtb.walker   112.405774                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.itb.walker   120.090489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst   5780.256302                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.tags.occ_blocks::cpu13.data   6525.225548                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.053599                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.dtb.walker     0.006861                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.itb.walker     0.007330                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.352799                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.tags.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.398268                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.tags.occ_percent::total          0.818856                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          233                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l213.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        13612                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l213.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          233                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l213.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        13612                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l213.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.014221                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l213.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.830811                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l213.tags.tag_accesses                35160108                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l213.tags.data_accesses               35160108                       # Number of data accesses
system.l213.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::cpu13.dtb.walker       917338                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::cpu13.itb.walker      1712739                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total               2630077                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       829155                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l213.WritebackDirty_hits::total         829155                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l213.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks      5390666                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l213.WritebackClean_hits::total        5390666                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l213.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu13.data             3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l213.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l213.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu13.data           39                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l213.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total               39                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::cpu13.data         275648                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total              275648                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu13.inst      5297173                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l213.ReadCleanReq_hits::total          5297173                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l213.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu13.data      1335057                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l213.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         1335057                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l213.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu13.data        88916                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l213.InvalidateReq_hits::total           88916                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::cpu13.dtb.walker       917338                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::cpu13.itb.walker      1712739                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::cpu13.inst           5297173                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::cpu13.data           1610705                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                9537955                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::cpu13.dtb.walker       917338                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::cpu13.itb.walker      1712739                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::cpu13.inst          5297173                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::cpu13.data          1610705                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total               9537955                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::cpu13.dtb.walker         2971                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::cpu13.itb.walker          779                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total                3750                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu13.data        51898                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l213.UpgradeReq_misses::total            51898                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l213.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu13.data        52042                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l213.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          52042                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::cpu13.data        25687                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::total             25687                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu13.inst        94005                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l213.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          94005                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l213.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu13.data       217901                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l213.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        217901                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l213.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu13.data         7420                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l213.InvalidateReq_misses::total          7420                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::cpu13.dtb.walker         2971                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::cpu13.itb.walker          779                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::cpu13.inst           94005                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::cpu13.data          243588                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total               341343                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::cpu13.dtb.walker         2971                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::cpu13.itb.walker          779                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::cpu13.inst          94005                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::cpu13.data         243588                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total              341343                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::cpu13.dtb.walker       920309                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::cpu13.itb.walker      1713518                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total           2633827                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       829155                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       829155                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks      5390666                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.WritebackClean_accesses::total      5390666                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu13.data        51901                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          51901                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu13.data        52081                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total        52081                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu13.data       301335                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total          301335                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu13.inst      5391178                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total      5391178                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu13.data      1552958                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      1552958                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu13.data        96336                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.InvalidateReq_accesses::total        96336                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::cpu13.dtb.walker       920309                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::cpu13.itb.walker      1713518                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::cpu13.inst       5391178                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::cpu13.data       1854293                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total            9879298                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::cpu13.dtb.walker       920309                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::cpu13.itb.walker      1713518                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::cpu13.inst      5391178                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::cpu13.data      1854293                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total           9879298                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu13.dtb.walker     0.003228                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu13.itb.walker     0.000455                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.001424                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.999942                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l213.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.999942                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l213.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.999251                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l213.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.999251                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.085244                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.085244                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu13.inst     0.017437                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l213.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.017437                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l213.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.140314                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l213.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.140314                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l213.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.077022                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l213.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.077022                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::cpu13.dtb.walker     0.003228                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::cpu13.itb.walker     0.000455                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::cpu13.inst     0.017437                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.131364                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.034551                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::cpu13.dtb.walker     0.003228                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::cpu13.itb.walker     0.000455                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::cpu13.inst     0.017437                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::cpu13.data     0.131364                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.034551                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks              28475                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                   28475                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.replacements                       212800                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l214.tags.tagsinuse               14171.249727                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.tags.total_refs                 161054967                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.tags.sampled_refs                 3997218                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.tags.avg_refs                   40.291765                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.tags.warmup_cycle            6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   2222.932239                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.dtb.walker    77.859998                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.itb.walker    94.718472                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst   5037.883445                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.tags.occ_blocks::cpu14.data   6737.855573                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.135677                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.dtb.walker     0.004752                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.itb.walker     0.005781                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.307488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.tags.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.411246                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.tags.occ_percent::total          0.864944                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          196                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l214.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        15392                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l214.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::1           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l214.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l214.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          182                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l214.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l214.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          218                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l214.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          333                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l214.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        14831                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l214.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.011963                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l214.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.939453                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l214.tags.tag_accesses               326611554                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l214.tags.data_accesses              326611554                       # Number of data accesses
system.l214.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::cpu14.dtb.walker      2707696                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::cpu14.itb.walker     16646073                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total              19353769                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      8359162                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l214.WritebackDirty_hits::total        8359162                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l214.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks     55031348                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l214.WritebackClean_hits::total       55031348                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l214.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu14.data          1118                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l214.UpgradeReq_hits::total               1118                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l214.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu14.data          480                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l214.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total              480                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::cpu14.data        2457885                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total             2457885                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu14.inst     53829870                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l214.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         53829870                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l214.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu14.data     11131349                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l214.ReadSharedReq_hits::total        11131349                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l214.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu14.data       649652                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l214.InvalidateReq_hits::total          649652                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::cpu14.dtb.walker      2707696                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::cpu14.itb.walker     16646073                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::cpu14.inst          53829870                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::cpu14.data          13589234                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total               86772873                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::cpu14.dtb.walker      2707696                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::cpu14.itb.walker     16646073                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::cpu14.inst         53829870                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::cpu14.data         13589234                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total              86772873                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::cpu14.dtb.walker        84003                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::cpu14.itb.walker        60961                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total              144964                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu14.data       147856                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l214.UpgradeReq_misses::total           147856                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l214.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu14.data       117521                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l214.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         117521                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::cpu14.data       241340                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::total            241340                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu14.inst      1202000                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l214.ReadCleanReq_misses::total        1202000                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l214.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu14.data      1185242                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l214.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       1185242                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l214.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu14.data       187195                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l214.InvalidateReq_misses::total        187195                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::cpu14.dtb.walker        84003                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::cpu14.itb.walker        60961                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::cpu14.inst         1202000                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::cpu14.data         1426582                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total              2773546                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::cpu14.dtb.walker        84003                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::cpu14.itb.walker        60961                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::cpu14.inst        1202000                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::cpu14.data        1426582                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total             2773546                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::cpu14.dtb.walker      2791699                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::cpu14.itb.walker     16707034                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total          19498733                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      8359162                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      8359162                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks     55031348                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.WritebackClean_accesses::total     55031348                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu14.data       148974                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         148974                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu14.data       118001                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total       118001                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu14.data      2699225                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2699225                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu14.inst     55031870                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total     55031870                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu14.data     12316591                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total     12316591                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu14.data       836847                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.InvalidateReq_accesses::total       836847                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::cpu14.dtb.walker      2791699                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::cpu14.itb.walker     16707034                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::cpu14.inst      55031870                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::cpu14.data      15015816                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total           89546419                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::cpu14.dtb.walker      2791699                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::cpu14.itb.walker     16707034                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::cpu14.inst     55031870                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::cpu14.data     15015816                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total          89546419                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu14.dtb.walker     0.030090                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu14.itb.walker     0.003649                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.007435                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.992495                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l214.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.992495                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l214.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.995932                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l214.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.995932                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.089411                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.089411                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu14.inst     0.021842                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l214.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.021842                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l214.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.096231                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l214.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.096231                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l214.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.223691                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l214.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.223691                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::cpu14.dtb.walker     0.030090                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::cpu14.itb.walker     0.003649                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::cpu14.inst     0.021842                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.095005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.030973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::cpu14.dtb.walker     0.030090                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::cpu14.itb.walker     0.003649                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::cpu14.inst     0.021842                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::cpu14.data     0.095005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.030973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks             601153                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                  601153                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.replacements                      2941569                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l215.tags.tagsinuse               12590.138683                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.tags.total_refs                   5218361                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.tags.sampled_refs                  170354                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.tags.avg_refs                   30.632454                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.tags.warmup_cycle            6747123054791000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   1264.445314                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.dtb.walker   113.108283                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.itb.walker   124.557607                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst   5797.597935                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.tags.occ_blocks::cpu15.data   5290.429544                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.077176                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.dtb.walker     0.006904                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.itb.walker     0.007602                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.353857                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.tags.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.322902                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.tags.occ_percent::total          0.768441                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023          244                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l215.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        12422                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l215.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4          244                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l215.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        12422                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l215.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.014893                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l215.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.758179                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l215.tags.tag_accesses                10629736                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l215.tags.data_accesses               10629736                       # Number of data accesses
system.l215.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::cpu15.dtb.walker       216133                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::cpu15.itb.walker       493938                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                710071                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       237740                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l215.WritebackDirty_hits::total         237740                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l215.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks      1666091                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l215.WritebackClean_hits::total        1666091                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l215.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu15.data            15                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l215.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 15                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l215.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu15.data           65                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l215.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total               65                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::cpu15.data          70994                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total               70994                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu15.inst      1634422                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l215.ReadCleanReq_hits::total          1634422                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l215.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu15.data       391326                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l215.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          391326                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l215.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu15.data        22110                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l215.InvalidateReq_hits::total           22110                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::cpu15.dtb.walker       216133                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::cpu15.itb.walker       493938                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::cpu15.inst           1634422                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::cpu15.data            462320                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                2806813                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::cpu15.dtb.walker       216133                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::cpu15.itb.walker       493938                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::cpu15.inst          1634422                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::cpu15.data           462320                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total               2806813                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::cpu15.dtb.walker          934                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::cpu15.itb.walker          307                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total                1241                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu15.data        24765                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l215.UpgradeReq_misses::total            24765                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l215.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu15.data        19306                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l215.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          19306                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::cpu15.data        11015                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::total             11015                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu15.inst        32185                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l215.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          32185                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l215.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu15.data        91071                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l215.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         91071                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l215.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu15.data         5008                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l215.InvalidateReq_misses::total          5008                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::cpu15.dtb.walker          934                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::cpu15.itb.walker          307                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::cpu15.inst           32185                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::cpu15.data          102086                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total               135512                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::cpu15.dtb.walker          934                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::cpu15.itb.walker          307                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::cpu15.inst          32185                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::cpu15.data         102086                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total              135512                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::cpu15.dtb.walker       217067                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::cpu15.itb.walker       494245                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total            711312                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       237740                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       237740                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks      1666091                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.WritebackClean_accesses::total      1666091                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu15.data        24780                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          24780                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu15.data        19371                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total        19371                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu15.data        82009                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total           82009                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu15.inst      1666607                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total      1666607                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu15.data       482397                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       482397                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu15.data        27118                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.InvalidateReq_accesses::total        27118                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::cpu15.dtb.walker       217067                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::cpu15.itb.walker       494245                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::cpu15.inst       1666607                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::cpu15.data        564406                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total            2942325                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::cpu15.dtb.walker       217067                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::cpu15.itb.walker       494245                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::cpu15.inst      1666607                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::cpu15.data       564406                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total           2942325                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu15.dtb.walker     0.004303                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu15.itb.walker     0.000621                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.001745                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.999395                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l215.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.999395                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l215.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.996644                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l215.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.996644                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.134315                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.134315                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu15.inst     0.019312                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l215.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.019312                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l215.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.188788                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l215.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.188788                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l215.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.184674                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l215.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.184674                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::cpu15.dtb.walker     0.004303                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::cpu15.itb.walker     0.000621                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::cpu15.inst     0.019312                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.180873                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.046056                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::cpu15.dtb.walker     0.004303                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::cpu15.itb.walker     0.000621                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::cpu15.inst     0.019312                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::cpu15.data     0.180873                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.046056                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks               7994                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                    7994                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.replacements                        67502                       # number of replacements
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      25116223                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     10544848                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests      5505227                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               77834                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            9977810                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq              54566                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp             54566                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      3339319                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          8091732                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           451887                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         381306                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          833193                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           1371810                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          1371810                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       9899976                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq       1580193                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp      1580193                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1608551                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total      1608551                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l200.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        24656                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l200.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        28294                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l200.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      9933693                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l200.mem_side::total      9986643                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l201.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         1088                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l201.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         1120                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l201.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       410205                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l201.mem_side::total       412413                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l202.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        13766                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l202.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        10606                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l202.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1639248                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l202.mem_side::total      1663620                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l203.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         1138                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l203.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         1334                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l203.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       530438                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l203.mem_side::total       532910                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l204.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        12936                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l204.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       516074                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l204.mem_side::total       529010                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l205.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          180                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l205.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio          656                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l205.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       108444                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l205.mem_side::total       109280                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l206.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio          642                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l206.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       275030                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l206.mem_side::total       275672                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l207.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         3014                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l207.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       306498                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l207.mem_side::total       309512                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l208.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         9936                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l208.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        57280                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l208.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12207682                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l208.mem_side::total     12274898                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l209.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         2628                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l209.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio          766                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l209.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       195607                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l209.mem_side::total       199001                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l210.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          324                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l210.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio          252                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l210.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        54643                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l210.mem_side::total        55219                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l211.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio          642                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l211.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       260651                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l211.mem_side::total       261293                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l212.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio          552                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l212.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       265738                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l212.mem_side::total       266290                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l213.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          540                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l213.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        30236                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l213.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1086437                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l213.mem_side::total      1117213                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l214.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          144                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l214.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        48594                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l214.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      8975407                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l214.mem_side::total      9024145                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l215.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           72                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l215.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        13404                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l215.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       427049                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l215.mem_side::total       440525                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               39066195                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     34315072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total     34315072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l200.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        19619                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l200.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        56588                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l200.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    249228608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l200.mem_side::total    249304815                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l201.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l201.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         2240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l201.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      9910400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l201.mem_side::total      9913608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l202.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        13166                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l202.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        21212                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l202.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     44466880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l202.mem_side::total     44501258                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l203.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          943                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l203.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         2668                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l203.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12734080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l203.mem_side::total     12737691                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l204.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        25872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l204.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     11642752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l204.mem_side::total     11668624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l205.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          105                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l205.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         1312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l205.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      2667968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l205.mem_side::total      2669385                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l206.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         1284                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l206.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      6715072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l206.mem_side::total      6716356                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l207.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         6028                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l207.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      7176960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l207.mem_side::total      7182988                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l208.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         5796                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l208.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio       114560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l208.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    289690816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l208.mem_side::total    289811172                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l209.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         1533                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l209.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         1532                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l209.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      4852032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l209.mem_side::total      4855097                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l210.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          189                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l210.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio          504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l210.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1415168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l210.mem_side::total      1415861                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l211.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         1284                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l211.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      6252416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l211.mem_side::total      6253700                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l212.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         1104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l212.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      6455232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l212.mem_side::total      6456336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l213.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          315                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l213.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        60472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l213.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     23561856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l213.mem_side::total     23622643                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l214.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           84                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l214.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        97188                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l214.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    214904896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l214.mem_side::total    215002168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l215.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           42                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l215.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        26808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l215.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      9120512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l215.mem_side::total      9147362                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               935574136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples          13817572                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean             1.409838                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev            3.330224                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                 9207650     66.64%     66.64% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                 2359356     17.08%     83.71% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                  324690      2.35%     86.06% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::3                  311356      2.25%     88.32% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::4                  242662      1.76%     90.07% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::5                  141827      1.03%     91.10% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::6                   89208      0.65%     91.74% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::7                   99823      0.72%     92.47% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::8                  108247      0.78%     93.25% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::9                  100382      0.73%     93.98% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::10                  82554      0.60%     94.57% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::11                  81000      0.59%     95.16% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::12                 127678      0.92%     96.08% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::13                 141892      1.03%     97.11% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::14                 227443      1.65%     98.76% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::15                 171804      1.24%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::16                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::17                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value              15                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total            13817572                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.directResponses                       0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.membus.badaddr_responder.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.pci_host.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pci_ide.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.clock24MHz.voltage_domain.voltage     3.300000                       # Voltage in Volts
system.realview.clock24MHz.clock                41667                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.realview_io.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.dcc.osc_cpu.clock               16667                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.dcc.osc_ddr.clock               25000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.dcc.osc_hsbm.clock              25000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.dcc.osc_pxl.clock               42105                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.dcc.osc_smb.clock               20000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.dcc.osc_sys.clock               16667                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.energy_ctrl.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.ethernet.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAReads               0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAWrites              0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.postedSwi                  0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedSwi             nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalSwi                   0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxIdle               0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle          nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxIdle                0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOk                 0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOk            nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOk                  0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxDesc               0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc          nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxDesc                0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxOk                 0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxOk            nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxOk                  0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxIdle               0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle          nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxIdle                0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxDesc               0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc          nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxDesc                0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOrn                0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn           nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOrn                 0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTotal           nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.droppedPackets             0                       # number of packets dropped
system.realview.gic.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.generic_timer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.gicv2m.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.hdlcd.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.kmi0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.kmi1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.mcc.osc_clcd.clock              42105                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.mcc.osc_mcc.clock               20000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.mcc.osc_peripheral.clock        41667                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.mcc.osc_system_bus.clock        41667                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.rtc.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.uart0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.vgic.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.vio0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.vio1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.realview.viopci.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus00.snoop_filter.tot_requests     34358278                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus00.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     17210223                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus00.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests       172110                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus00.snoop_filter.tot_snoops       321890                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus00.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       321658                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus00.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops          232                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus00.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::ReadReq          3369416                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::ReadResp        19007797                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::WriteReq           10227                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::WriteResp          10227                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      2236216                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::WritebackClean      6364653                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::CleanEvict       8490527                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         33607                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        11529                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        45136                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::ReadExReq        1110492                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::ReadExResp       1110492                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq      6365165                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      9273216                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::CleanSharedReq         3648                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::CleanSharedResp         3648                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::InvalidateReq       395539                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.trans_dist::InvalidateResp       395539                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus00.pkt_count_system.cpu00.icache.mem_side::system.l200.cpu_side     19094983                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus00.pkt_count_system.cpu00.dcache.mem_side::system.l200.cpu_side     32435755                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus00.pkt_count_system.cpu00.itb.walker.dma::system.l200.cpu_side       664562                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus00.pkt_count_system.cpu00.dtb.walker.dma::system.l200.cpu_side      6041774                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus00.pkt_count::total            58237074                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus00.pkt_size_system.cpu00.icache.mem_side::system.l200.cpu_side    814708352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus00.pkt_size_system.cpu00.dcache.mem_side::system.l200.cpu_side    807751343                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus00.pkt_size_system.cpu00.itb.walker.dma::system.l200.cpu_side      2658248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus00.pkt_size_system.cpu00.dtb.walker.dma::system.l200.cpu_side     24167096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus00.pkt_size::total           1649285039                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus00.snoops                       4548448                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus00.snoopTraffic                62333376                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus00.snoop_fanout::samples       25043671                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus00.snoop_fanout::mean          0.022677                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus00.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.148934                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus00.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus00.snoop_fanout::0             24475985     97.73%     97.73% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus00.snoop_fanout::1               567454      2.27%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus00.snoop_fanout::2                  232      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus00.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus00.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus00.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus00.snoop_fanout::total         25043671                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus00.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus01.snoop_filter.tot_requests      1009815                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus01.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       517644                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus01.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           33                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus01.snoop_filter.tot_snoops       187063                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus01.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       187063                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus01.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus01.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::ReadReq           102890                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::ReadResp          533730                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::WriteReq             490                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::WriteResp            490                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       135864                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::WritebackClean       226677                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::CleanEvict        121801                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          5197                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         6937                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        12134                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::ReadExReq          39806                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::ReadExResp         39806                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       227189                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       203651                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::CleanSharedReq         1792                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::CleanSharedResp         1792                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        19743                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        19743                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus01.pkt_count_system.cpu01.icache.mem_side::system.l201.cpu_side       681055                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus01.pkt_count_system.cpu01.dcache.mem_side::system.l201.cpu_side       814125                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus01.pkt_count_system.cpu01.itb.walker.dma::system.l201.cpu_side       115070                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus01.pkt_count_system.cpu01.dtb.walker.dma::system.l201.cpu_side        89482                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus01.pkt_count::total             1699732                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus01.pkt_size_system.cpu01.icache.mem_side::system.l201.cpu_side     29047424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus01.pkt_size_system.cpu01.dcache.mem_side::system.l201.cpu_side     24279752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus01.pkt_size_system.cpu01.itb.walker.dma::system.l201.cpu_side       460280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus01.pkt_size_system.cpu01.dtb.walker.dma::system.l201.cpu_side       357928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus01.pkt_size::total             54145384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus01.snoops                       1200563                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus01.snoopTraffic                 1955072                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus01.snoop_fanout::samples        1800114                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus01.snoop_fanout::mean          0.115689                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus01.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.319852                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus01.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus01.snoop_fanout::0              1591860     88.43%     88.43% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus01.snoop_fanout::1               208254     11.57%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus01.snoop_fanout::2                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus01.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus01.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus01.snoop_fanout::max_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus01.snoop_fanout::total          1800114                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus01.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus02.snoop_filter.tot_requests     14079156                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus02.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      7067962                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus02.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests        66504                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus02.snoop_filter.tot_snoops       236487                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus02.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       236423                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus02.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           64                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus02.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::ReadReq           776764                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::ReadResp         7368165                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::WriteReq            5957                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::WriteResp           5957                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       933514                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::WritebackClean      5676145                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::CleanEvict        371102                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         23256                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        13896                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        37152                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::ReadExReq         212781                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::ReadExResp        212781                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq      5676658                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       914743                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::CleanSharedReq         7872                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::CleanSharedResp         7872                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::InvalidateReq       199248                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.trans_dist::InvalidateResp       199248                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus02.pkt_count_system.cpu02.icache.mem_side::system.l202.cpu_side     17029461                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus02.pkt_count_system.cpu02.dcache.mem_side::system.l202.cpu_side      4072580                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus02.pkt_count_system.cpu02.itb.walker.dma::system.l202.cpu_side      1109950                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus02.pkt_count_system.cpu02.dtb.walker.dma::system.l202.cpu_side       431120                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus02.pkt_count::total            22643111                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus02.pkt_size_system.cpu02.icache.mem_side::system.l202.cpu_side    726579392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus02.pkt_size_system.cpu02.dcache.mem_side::system.l202.cpu_side    131940810                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus02.pkt_size_system.cpu02.itb.walker.dma::system.l202.cpu_side      4439800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus02.pkt_size_system.cpu02.dtb.walker.dma::system.l202.cpu_side      1724480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus02.pkt_size::total            864684482                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus02.snoops                       1816406                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus02.snoopTraffic                21875008                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus02.snoop_fanout::samples        9594653                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus02.snoop_fanout::mean          0.036791                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus02.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.188284                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus02.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus02.snoop_fanout::0              9241721     96.32%     96.32% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus02.snoop_fanout::1               352868      3.68%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus02.snoop_fanout::2                   64      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus02.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus02.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus02.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus02.snoop_fanout::total          9594653                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus02.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus03.snoop_filter.tot_requests      1316240                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus03.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       674106                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus03.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           39                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus03.snoop_filter.tot_snoops       204786                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus03.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       204786                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus03.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus03.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::ReadReq           129220                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::ReadResp          692778                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::WriteReq             608                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::WriteResp            608                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       171307                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::WritebackClean       314481                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::CleanEvict        149926                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          6671                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         7805                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        14476                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::ReadExReq          52580                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::ReadExResp         52580                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       314993                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       248565                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::CleanSharedReq           64                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::CleanSharedResp           64                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        25943                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        25943                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus03.pkt_count_system.cpu03.icache.mem_side::system.l203.cpu_side       944467                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus03.pkt_count_system.cpu03.dcache.mem_side::system.l203.cpu_side      1006961                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus03.pkt_count_system.cpu03.itb.walker.dma::system.l203.cpu_side       153386                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus03.pkt_count_system.cpu03.dtb.walker.dma::system.l203.cpu_side       103798                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus03.pkt_count::total             2208612                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus03.pkt_size_system.cpu03.icache.mem_side::system.l203.cpu_side     40286336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus03.pkt_size_system.cpu03.dcache.mem_side::system.l203.cpu_side     30240539                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus03.pkt_size_system.cpu03.itb.walker.dma::system.l203.cpu_side       613544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus03.pkt_size_system.cpu03.dtb.walker.dma::system.l203.cpu_side       415192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus03.pkt_size::total             71555611                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus03.snoops                       1416038                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus03.snoopTraffic                 2663168                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus03.snoop_fanout::samples        2188068                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus03.snoop_fanout::mean          0.104535                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus03.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.305954                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus03.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus03.snoop_fanout::0              1959338     89.55%     89.55% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus03.snoop_fanout::1               228730     10.45%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus03.snoop_fanout::2                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus03.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus03.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus03.snoop_fanout::max_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus03.snoop_fanout::total          2188068                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus03.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus04.snoop_filter.tot_requests      6754320                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus04.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      3383767                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus04.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            3                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus04.snoop_filter.tot_snoops       288900                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus04.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       288900                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus04.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus04.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::ReadReq          1232139                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::ReadResp         4411288                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::WriteReq            2092                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::WriteResp           2092                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       365442                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::WritebackClean      2480663                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::CleanEvict        492685                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         20483                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        22435                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        42918                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::ReadExReq         135710                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::ReadExResp        135710                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq      2481175                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       697974                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        55701                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        55701                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus04.pkt_count_system.cpu04.icache.mem_side::system.l204.cpu_side      7443013                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus04.pkt_count_system.cpu04.dcache.mem_side::system.l204.cpu_side      2735669                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus04.pkt_count_system.cpu04.itb.walker.dma::system.l204.cpu_side      1576210                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus04.pkt_count_system.cpu04.dtb.walker.dma::system.l204.cpu_side       879316                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus04.pkt_count::total            12634208                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus04.pkt_size_system.cpu04.icache.mem_side::system.l204.cpu_side    317557632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus04.pkt_size_system.cpu04.dcache.mem_side::system.l204.cpu_side     76769936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus04.pkt_size_system.cpu04.itb.walker.dma::system.l204.cpu_side      6304840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus04.pkt_size_system.cpu04.dtb.walker.dma::system.l204.cpu_side      3517264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus04.pkt_size::total            404149672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus04.snoops                       1488942                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus04.snoopTraffic                 1115456                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus04.snoop_fanout::samples        6077479                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus04.snoop_fanout::mean          0.047874                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus04.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.213500                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus04.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus04.snoop_fanout::0              5786524     95.21%     95.21% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus04.snoop_fanout::1               290955      4.79%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus04.snoop_fanout::2                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus04.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus04.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus04.snoop_fanout::max_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus04.snoop_fanout::total          6077479                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus04.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus05.snoop_filter.tot_requests       240965                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus05.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       121975                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus05.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            9                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus05.snoop_filter.tot_snoops       168710                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus05.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       168710                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus05.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus05.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::ReadReq            18042                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::ReadResp          120733                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::WriteReq             158                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::WriteResp            158                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        31304                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::WritebackClean        58467                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::CleanEvict         23937                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          2200                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         2399                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         4599                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::ReadExReq          10747                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::ReadExResp         10747                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq        58979                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        43712                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::CleanSharedReq         1664                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::CleanSharedResp         1664                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         3889                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.trans_dist::InvalidateResp         3889                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus05.pkt_count_system.cpu05.icache.mem_side::system.l205.cpu_side       176425                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus05.pkt_count_system.cpu05.dcache.mem_side::system.l205.cpu_side       185299                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus05.pkt_count_system.cpu05.itb.walker.dma::system.l205.cpu_side        26986                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus05.pkt_count_system.cpu05.dtb.walker.dma::system.l205.cpu_side         8578                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus05.pkt_count::total              397288                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus05.pkt_size_system.cpu05.icache.mem_side::system.l205.cpu_side      7516544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus05.pkt_size_system.cpu05.dcache.mem_side::system.l205.cpu_side      5490249                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus05.pkt_size_system.cpu05.itb.walker.dma::system.l205.cpu_side       107944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus05.pkt_size_system.cpu05.dtb.walker.dma::system.l205.cpu_side        34312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus05.pkt_size::total             13149049                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus05.snoops                       1010113                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus05.snoopTraffic                  276032                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus05.snoop_fanout::samples        1147575                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus05.snoop_fanout::mean          0.150218                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus05.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.357285                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus05.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus05.snoop_fanout::0               975189     84.98%     84.98% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus05.snoop_fanout::1               172386     15.02%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus05.snoop_fanout::2                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus05.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus05.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus05.snoop_fanout::max_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus05.snoop_fanout::total          1147575                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus05.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus06.snoop_filter.tot_requests       654290                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus06.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       338652                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus06.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           33                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus06.snoop_filter.tot_snoops       180411                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus06.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       180411                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus06.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus06.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::ReadReq            67785                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::ReadResp          343096                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::WriteReq              99                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::WriteResp             99                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        90446                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::WritebackClean       140249                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::CleanEvict         81297                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          3851                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         5644                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         9495                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::ReadExReq          27576                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::ReadExResp         27576                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       140761                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       134550                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        12754                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        12754                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus06.pkt_count_system.cpu06.icache.mem_side::system.l206.cpu_side       421771                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus06.pkt_count_system.cpu06.dcache.mem_side::system.l206.cpu_side       541135                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus06.pkt_count_system.cpu06.itb.walker.dma::system.l206.cpu_side        75254                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus06.pkt_count_system.cpu06.dtb.walker.dma::system.l206.cpu_side        59872                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus06.pkt_count::total             1098032                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus06.pkt_size_system.cpu06.icache.mem_side::system.l206.cpu_side     17984640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus06.pkt_size_system.cpu06.dcache.mem_side::system.l206.cpu_side     16165892                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus06.pkt_size_system.cpu06.itb.walker.dma::system.l206.cpu_side       301016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus06.pkt_size_system.cpu06.dtb.walker.dma::system.l206.cpu_side       239488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus06.pkt_size::total             34691036                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus06.snoops                       1120950                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus06.snoopTraffic                 1226048                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus06.snoop_fanout::samples        1509119                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus06.snoop_fanout::mean          0.130941                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus06.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.337336                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus06.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus06.snoop_fanout::0              1311513     86.91%     86.91% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus06.snoop_fanout::1               197606     13.09%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus06.snoop_fanout::2                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus06.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus06.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus06.snoop_fanout::max_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus06.snoop_fanout::total          1509119                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus06.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus07.snoop_filter.tot_requests       987426                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus07.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       504163                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus07.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           32                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus07.snoop_filter.tot_snoops       239481                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus07.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       239481                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus07.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus07.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::ReadReq            84669                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::ReadResp          526814                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::WriteReq             493                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::WriteResp            493                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        98732                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::WritebackClean       264822                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::CleanEvict        105247                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         11205                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         6363                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        17568                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::ReadExReq          28758                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::ReadExResp         28758                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       265334                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       176811                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        12362                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        12362                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus07.pkt_count_system.cpu07.icache.mem_side::system.l207.cpu_side       795490                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus07.pkt_count_system.cpu07.dcache.mem_side::system.l207.cpu_side       677991                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus07.pkt_count_system.cpu07.itb.walker.dma::system.l207.cpu_side       108408                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus07.pkt_count_system.cpu07.dtb.walker.dma::system.l207.cpu_side        58902                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus07.pkt_count::total             1640791                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus07.pkt_size_system.cpu07.icache.mem_side::system.l207.cpu_side     33929984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus07.pkt_size_system.cpu07.dcache.mem_side::system.l207.cpu_side     19481292                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus07.pkt_size_system.cpu07.itb.walker.dma::system.l207.cpu_side       433632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus07.pkt_size_system.cpu07.dtb.walker.dma::system.l207.cpu_side       235608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus07.pkt_size::total             54080516                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus07.snoops                       1386112                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus07.snoopTraffic                 1025152                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus07.snoop_fanout::samples        1936756                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus07.snoop_fanout::mean          0.132854                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus07.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.339417                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus07.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus07.snoop_fanout::0              1679451     86.71%     86.71% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus07.snoop_fanout::1               257305     13.29%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus07.snoop_fanout::2                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus07.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus07.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus07.snoop_fanout::max_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus07.snoop_fanout::total          1936756                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus07.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus08.snoop_filter.tot_requests     40974635                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus08.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     20549756                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus08.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         4921                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus08.snoop_filter.tot_snoops       580036                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus08.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       580035                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus08.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus08.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::ReadReq         12981752                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::ReadResp        31978352                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::WriteReq           12345                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::WriteResp          12345                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      2512763                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::WritebackClean     11729066                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::CleanEvict       6061045                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         93899                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq       104085                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::UpgradeResp       197984                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::ReadExReq        1053243                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::ReadExResp       1053243                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq     11729578                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      7267022                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::CleanSharedReq         4224                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::CleanSharedResp         4224                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::InvalidateReq       370896                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.trans_dist::InvalidateResp       370896                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus08.pkt_count_system.cpu08.icache.mem_side::system.l208.cpu_side     35188222                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus08.pkt_count_system.cpu08.dcache.mem_side::system.l208.cpu_side     26427762                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus08.pkt_count_system.cpu08.itb.walker.dma::system.l208.cpu_side      7332784                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus08.pkt_count_system.cpu08.dtb.walker.dma::system.l208.cpu_side     18588194                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus08.pkt_count::total            87536962                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus08.pkt_size_system.cpu08.icache.mem_side::system.l208.cpu_side   1501353216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus08.pkt_size_system.cpu08.dcache.mem_side::system.l208.cpu_side    693434148                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus08.pkt_size_system.cpu08.itb.walker.dma::system.l208.cpu_side     29331136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus08.pkt_size_system.cpu08.dtb.walker.dma::system.l208.cpu_side     74352776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus08.pkt_size::total           2298471276                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus08.snoops                       5562336                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus08.snoopTraffic                43132992                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus08.snoop_fanout::samples       38973592                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus08.snoop_fanout::mean          0.016262                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus08.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.126480                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus08.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus08.snoop_fanout::0             38339821     98.37%     98.37% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus08.snoop_fanout::1               633770      1.63%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus08.snoop_fanout::2                    1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus08.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus08.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus08.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus08.snoop_fanout::total         38973592                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus08.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus09.snoop_filter.tot_requests       670579                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus09.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       317890                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus09.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            3                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus09.snoop_filter.tot_snoops       184616                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus09.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       184616                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus09.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus09.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::ReadReq            58336                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::ReadResp          337320                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::WriteReq             925                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::WriteResp            925                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        69548                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::WritebackClean       173872                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::CleanEvict         60850                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          2267                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         2498                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         4765                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::ReadExReq          23185                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::ReadExResp         23185                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       174384                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       104600                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::CleanSharedReq        45248                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::CleanSharedResp        45248                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         5350                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.trans_dist::InvalidateResp         5350                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus09.pkt_count_system.cpu09.icache.mem_side::system.l209.cpu_side       522640                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus09.pkt_count_system.cpu09.dcache.mem_side::system.l209.cpu_side       500088                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus09.pkt_count_system.cpu09.itb.walker.dma::system.l209.cpu_side        65472                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus09.pkt_count_system.cpu09.dtb.walker.dma::system.l209.cpu_side        49656                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus09.pkt_count::total             1137856                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus09.pkt_size_system.cpu09.icache.mem_side::system.l209.cpu_side     22288384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus09.pkt_size_system.cpu09.dcache.mem_side::system.l209.cpu_side     12632377                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus09.pkt_size_system.cpu09.itb.walker.dma::system.l209.cpu_side       261888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus09.pkt_size_system.cpu09.dtb.walker.dma::system.l209.cpu_side       198624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus09.pkt_size::total             35381273                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus09.snoops                        963845                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus09.snoopTraffic                  662848                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus09.snoop_fanout::samples        1370670                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus09.snoop_fanout::mean          0.141096                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus09.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.348121                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus09.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus09.snoop_fanout::0              1177274     85.89%     85.89% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus09.snoop_fanout::1               193396     14.11%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus09.snoop_fanout::2                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus09.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus09.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus09.snoop_fanout::max_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus09.snoop_fanout::total          1370670                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus09.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus10.snoop_filter.tot_requests       144422                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus10.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        72802                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus10.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            4                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus10.snoop_filter.tot_snoops       108338                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus10.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       108338                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus10.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus10.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::ReadReq            14788                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::ReadResp           76172                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::WriteReq             136                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::WriteResp            136                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        16341                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::WritebackClean        37754                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::CleanEvict         12209                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          1176                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          713                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         1889                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::ReadExReq           4277                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::ReadExResp          4277                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq        38266                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        23118                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::CleanSharedReq         3776                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::CleanSharedResp         3776                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         2187                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.trans_dist::InvalidateResp         2187                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus10.pkt_count_system.cpu10.icache.mem_side::system.l210.cpu_side       114286                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus10.pkt_count_system.cpu10.dcache.mem_side::system.l210.cpu_side        99620                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus10.pkt_count_system.cpu10.itb.walker.dma::system.l210.cpu_side        16846                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus10.pkt_count_system.cpu10.dtb.walker.dma::system.l210.cpu_side        12426                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus10.pkt_count::total              243178                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus10.pkt_size_system.cpu10.icache.mem_side::system.l210.cpu_side      4865280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus10.pkt_size_system.cpu10.dcache.mem_side::system.l210.cpu_side      2799797                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus10.pkt_size_system.cpu10.itb.walker.dma::system.l210.cpu_side        67384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus10.pkt_size_system.cpu10.dtb.walker.dma::system.l210.cpu_side        49704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus10.pkt_size::total              7782165                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus10.snoops                        766276                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus10.snoopTraffic                  156160                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus10.snoop_fanout::samples         853800                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus10.snoop_fanout::mean          0.132287                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus10.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.338803                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus10.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus10.snoop_fanout::0               740853     86.77%     86.77% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus10.snoop_fanout::1               112947     13.23%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus10.snoop_fanout::2                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus10.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus10.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus10.snoop_fanout::max_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus10.snoop_fanout::total           853800                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus10.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus11.snoop_filter.tot_requests       617707                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus11.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       321142                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus11.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           24                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus11.snoop_filter.tot_snoops       179316                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus11.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       179316                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus11.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus11.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::ReadReq            68056                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::ReadResp          327406                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::WriteReq             102                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::WriteResp            102                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        86209                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::WritebackClean       132403                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::CleanEvict         74273                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          4284                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         4964                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         9248                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::ReadExReq          24327                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::ReadExResp         24327                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       132915                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       126435                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        12895                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        12895                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus11.pkt_count_system.cpu11.icache.mem_side::system.l211.cpu_side       398233                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus11.pkt_count_system.cpu11.dcache.mem_side::system.l211.cpu_side       506934                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus11.pkt_count_system.cpu11.itb.walker.dma::system.l211.cpu_side        70204                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus11.pkt_count_system.cpu11.dtb.walker.dma::system.l211.cpu_side        65470                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus11.pkt_count::total             1040841                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus11.pkt_size_system.cpu11.icache.mem_side::system.l211.cpu_side     16980352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus11.pkt_size_system.cpu11.dcache.mem_side::system.l211.cpu_side     15167428                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus11.pkt_size_system.cpu11.itb.walker.dma::system.l211.cpu_side       280816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus11.pkt_size_system.cpu11.dtb.walker.dma::system.l211.cpu_side       261880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus11.pkt_size::total             32690476                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus11.snoops                       1219205                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus11.snoopTraffic                 1125440                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus11.snoop_fanout::samples        1585914                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus11.snoop_fanout::mean          0.125065                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus11.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.330792                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus11.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus11.snoop_fanout::0              1387572     87.49%     87.49% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus11.snoop_fanout::1               198342     12.51%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus11.snoop_fanout::2                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus11.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus11.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus11.snoop_fanout::max_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus11.snoop_fanout::total          1585914                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus11.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus12.snoop_filter.tot_requests       678213                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus12.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       352577                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus12.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           39                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus12.snoop_filter.tot_snoops       181758                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus12.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       181758                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus12.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus12.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::ReadReq            70540                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::ReadResp          356391                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::WriteReq              84                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::WriteResp             84                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        97107                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::WritebackClean       141548                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::CleanEvict         83601                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          4230                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         5358                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         9588                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::ReadExReq          26236                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::ReadExResp         26236                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       142060                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       143791                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        13583                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        13583                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus12.pkt_count_system.cpu12.icache.mem_side::system.l212.cpu_side       425668                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus12.pkt_count_system.cpu12.dcache.mem_side::system.l212.cpu_side       567656                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus12.pkt_count_system.cpu12.itb.walker.dma::system.l212.cpu_side        74036                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus12.pkt_count_system.cpu12.dtb.walker.dma::system.l212.cpu_side        66660                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus12.pkt_count::total             1134020                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus12.pkt_size_system.cpu12.icache.mem_side::system.l212.cpu_side     18150912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus12.pkt_size_system.cpu12.dcache.mem_side::system.l212.cpu_side     17097680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus12.pkt_size_system.cpu12.itb.walker.dma::system.l212.cpu_side       296144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus12.pkt_size_system.cpu12.dtb.walker.dma::system.l212.cpu_side       266640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus12.pkt_size::total             35811376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus12.snoops                       1086629                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus12.snoopTraffic                 1263680                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus12.snoop_fanout::samples        1489028                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus12.snoop_fanout::mean          0.135992                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus12.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.342780                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus12.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus12.snoop_fanout::0              1286532     86.40%     86.40% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus12.snoop_fanout::1               202496     13.60%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus12.snoop_fanout::2                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus12.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus12.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus12.snoop_fanout::max_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus12.snoop_fanout::total          1489028                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus12.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus13.snoop_filter.tot_requests     14717696                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus13.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      7376073                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus13.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus13.snoop_filter.tot_snoops       411831                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus13.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       411831                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus13.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus13.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::ReadReq          2644503                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::ReadResp         9588639                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::WriteReq            5045                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::WriteResp           5045                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       829155                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::WritebackClean      5390666                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::CleanEvict       1048124                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         51901                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        52081                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::UpgradeResp       103982                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::ReadExReq         301335                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::ReadExResp        301335                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq      5391178                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      1552958                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        96336                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        96336                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus13.pkt_count_system.cpu13.icache.mem_side::system.l213.cpu_side     16173022                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus13.pkt_count_system.cpu13.dcache.mem_side::system.l213.cpu_side      6017277                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus13.pkt_count_system.cpu13.itb.walker.dma::system.l213.cpu_side      3427160                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus13.pkt_count_system.cpu13.dtb.walker.dma::system.l213.cpu_side      1841160                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus13.pkt_count::total            27458619                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus13.pkt_size_system.cpu13.icache.mem_side::system.l213.cpu_side    690038016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus13.pkt_size_system.cpu13.dcache.mem_side::system.l213.cpu_side    171801459                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus13.pkt_size_system.cpu13.itb.walker.dma::system.l213.cpu_side     13708640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus13.pkt_size_system.cpu13.dtb.walker.dma::system.l213.cpu_side      7364640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus13.pkt_size::total            882912755                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus13.snoops                       1963934                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus13.snoopTraffic                 1822400                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus13.snoop_fanout::samples       11935921                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus13.snoop_fanout::mean          0.034835                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus13.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.183363                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus13.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus13.snoop_fanout::0             11520128     96.52%     96.52% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus13.snoop_fanout::1               415793      3.48%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus13.snoop_fanout::2                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus13.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus13.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus13.snoop_fanout::max_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus13.snoop_fanout::total         11935921                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus13.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus14.snoop_filter.tot_requests    141844604                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus14.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     70966331                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus14.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           28                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus14.snoop_filter.tot_snoops      1159634                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus14.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops      1159634                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus14.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus14.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::ReadReq         19539672                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::ReadResp        86888133                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::WriteReq           13645                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::WriteResp          13645                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      8359162                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::WritebackClean     55031358                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::CleanEvict       7266435                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::UpgradeReq        148974                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq       118001                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::UpgradeResp       266975                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::ReadExReq        2699225                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::ReadExResp       2699225                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq     55031870                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq     12316591                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::InvalidateReq       836847                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.trans_dist::InvalidateResp       836847                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus14.pkt_count_system.cpu14.icache.mem_side::system.l214.cpu_side    165095098                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus14.pkt_count_system.cpu14.dcache.mem_side::system.l214.cpu_side     47913611                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus14.pkt_count_system.cpu14.itb.walker.dma::system.l214.cpu_side     33431482                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus14.pkt_count_system.cpu14.dtb.walker.dma::system.l214.cpu_side      5626414                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus14.pkt_count::total           252066605                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus14.pkt_size_system.cpu14.icache.mem_side::system.l214.cpu_side   7044046592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus14.pkt_size_system.cpu14.dcache.mem_side::system.l214.cpu_side   1496095864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus14.pkt_size_system.cpu14.itb.walker.dma::system.l214.cpu_side    133725928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus14.pkt_size_system.cpu14.dtb.walker.dma::system.l214.cpu_side     22505656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus14.pkt_size::total           8696374040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus14.snoops                       4647226                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus14.snoopTraffic                38473792                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus14.snoop_fanout::samples       94954283                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus14.snoop_fanout::mean          0.012593                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus14.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.111512                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus14.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus14.snoop_fanout::0             93758480     98.74%     98.74% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus14.snoop_fanout::1              1195803      1.26%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus14.snoop_fanout::2                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus14.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus14.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus14.snoop_fanout::max_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus14.snoop_fanout::total         94954283                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus14.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is
system.tol2bus15.snoop_filter.tot_requests      4521544                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus15.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      2263016                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus15.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           10                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus15.snoop_filter.tot_snoops       328411                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus15.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       328411                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus15.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus15.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 30523364816597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::ReadReq           716950                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::ReadResp         2865954                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::WriteReq            2160                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::WriteResp           2160                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       237740                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::WritebackClean      1666095                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::CleanEvict        312272                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         24780                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        19371                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        44151                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::ReadExReq          82009                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::ReadExResp         82009                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq      1666607                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       482397                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::CleanSharedReq          576                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::CleanSharedResp          576                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        27118                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        27118                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus15.pkt_count_system.cpu15.icache.mem_side::system.l215.cpu_side      4999309                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus15.pkt_count_system.cpu15.dcache.mem_side::system.l215.cpu_side      1835990                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus15.pkt_count_system.cpu15.itb.walker.dma::system.l215.cpu_side       989364                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus15.pkt_count_system.cpu15.dtb.walker.dma::system.l215.cpu_side       435380                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus15.pkt_count::total             8260043                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus15.pkt_size_system.cpu15.icache.mem_side::system.l215.cpu_side    213292928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus15.pkt_size_system.cpu15.dcache.mem_side::system.l215.cpu_side     51364194                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus15.pkt_size_system.cpu15.itb.walker.dma::system.l215.cpu_side      3957456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus15.pkt_size_system.cpu15.dtb.walker.dma::system.l215.cpu_side      1741520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus15.pkt_size::total            270356098                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus15.snoops                       1893359                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus15.snoopTraffic                  511616                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus15.snoop_fanout::samples        4843201                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus15.snoop_fanout::mean          0.068343                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus15.snoop_fanout::stdev         0.252334                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus15.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus15.snoop_fanout::0              4512201     93.17%     93.17% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus15.snoop_fanout::1               331000      6.83%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus15.snoop_fanout::2                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus15.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus15.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus15.snoop_fanout::max_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus15.snoop_fanout::total          4843201                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus15.directResponses                    0                       # auxiliar stat for checking how reasonable wireless model is

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
